
====Article #0====
*TITLE: Working class whites blame Washington, but still want more government help
*URL: http://money.cnn.com/2016/09/21/news/economy/white-working-class-government/index.html?iid=hp-toplead-dom
*AUTHORS: ['Tami Luhby']
*ARTICLE: All his life, Chris Olah was told you can't trust the government.

His grandfather and his father drilled it into his head that you have to rely on yourself and can't expect the government to bail you out.

Olah, 43, still believes the federal government is to blame for many of the problems affecting working class Americans like himself. Yet, the Frenchville, Pennsylvania, resident would like Washington D.C. to do more to help people like him who have fallen on hard times. He's struggling to find work despite having just earned an associate's degree in criminal justice.

"The government is not putting enough emphasis on keeping jobs in America for American people," said Olah, who assembled Ford trucks in Virginia for 13 years before the company consolidated truck production closer to Detroit. "We should get more help for educated people to go to work."

Many in the white working class share Olah's sentiments, according to a new CNN/Kaiser Family Foundation poll. Some 62% of white working class Americans said the federal government bears all or most of the blame for the economic troubles facing the working class. Yet, two-thirds also feel that the federal government doesn't do enough to help working class folks.

Related: The 'forgotten tribe' in West Virginia

Working class whites with lower incomes are more than twice as likely as their higher-earning peers to want more government assistance.

While there's no set definition of the working class, CNN/KFF considers this group to include those without four-year college degrees for this poll.

Among college-educated whites and working class blacks and Hispanics, the share that blame the government is less than half. And when it comes to whether the feds could do more to help the working class, 54% of educated whites agreed, while more than two-thirds of working class blacks and Hispanics stand with their white peers that the government could provide more assistance.

However, some in the white working class want the federal government to do more for them specifically. Just over a third think Washington already does too much for racial and ethnic minorities, and 63% think it does too much for the wealthy.

Related: White Working Class & Worried

Where Olah lives, in rural Clearfield County, Pennsylvania, only 11.1% of white, non-Hispanic residents age 25 and older hold bachelor's degrees -- the lowest share among larger counties in the U.S. And, 93% of the county's roughly 80,000 residents are white, non-Hispanics, according to U.S. Census Bureau statistics.

Olah moved to Clearfield in 2007 to be closer to his now ex-wife's family and worked as a mechanic for several years. After being laid off, he enrolled in York Career Institute. He just graduated last month. He has applied to the jails in the area, as well as at a Walmart distribution center, but he has yet to land anything.

He went back to school because he thought it was the only way to find a decent-paying job to support his two teen children. Now, he's saddled with $22,000 in student loans. To get by, Olah and his kids receive $311 in food stamps and $264 in cash assistance each month, as well as public health coverage and a home energy subsidy.

Still, Olah believes politicians and government workers at all levels are ineffective at best and corrupt at worst. They still get paid, he stresses, although nothing gets done to help struggling Americans like him. He'd like to see the federal government make college more affordable, revamp safety net programs to assist more people with low-wage jobs and provide more incentives for companies to create jobs.

Some 34% of working class whites polled by CNN/KFF said someone in their household received government benefits in the past year (excluding Social Security and Medicare). That compares to 21% of college-educated whites, 61% of working class blacks and 48% of working class Hispanics. The most common benefits included Medicaid (19%), disability (12%) and food stamps (11%).

Those already receiving public assistance are more likely than those who don't get aid to say the government doesn't do enough to help people like them, by a 63% to 47% split.

Getting more aid to pay for higher education was a popular request among the Clearfield residents CNNMoney interviewed. Good paying positions that require only a high school diploma -- in the coal mines, brickyards and sewing factories -- have long since disappeared, and minimum-wage jobs in fast food or retail don't cover the bills, locals said. It wouldn't be hard for them to enroll as there are five colleges and technical schools in the county, including a branch of Pennsylvania State University.

Related: The men America has left behind

"You can't get by without a degree," said Shyanne Lowe, 22, a married mother of two who just started studying for an associate's degree in nursing at the Clearfield branch of Lock Haven University. "We tried the working class lifestyle and you can't get ahead."

Lowe, who also works part-time at the front desk of a local hotel, said the federal government is going deeper into debt giving pay raises to politicians and aid to other countries. Meanwhile, Americans pay high taxes but don't get free college, health care and other benefits that citizens in other nations receive.

Instead, the government should provide more assistance to those trying to move up the economic ladder, said Lowe, whose husband is studying for his bachelor's degree in economics at Penn State and works part-time at a furniture and appliances store. She would like to see the feds lower tuition, offer paid maternity and paternity leave and make subsidized day care more widely available.

Right now, the Lowes are paying most of their bills by taking out student loans, which they expect to climb into the six figures by the time they are done with school. They also receive food stamps, public health coverage and WIC assistance for women, infants and children. They are on a waiting list for subsidized day care, which currently costs them $900 a month for their two-year-old son and infant daughter.

"There's no way we'd advance if we didn't do it this way," said Lowe, who lives in Clearfield borough.

It didn't used to be like this in Clearfield County, which lies within the tree-covered rolling hills just off Interstate-80. Like in other parts of the U.S., high school graduates used to be able to make a comfortable living. The disappearance of those opportunities has fueled resentment among the working class.

Robin Holt, 57, sees the struggles firsthand as a staffer at Central PA Community Action, a non-profit social services agency in Clearfield. Its clientele includes unemployed middle-aged men living in shelters with few job prospects. The federal government has good programs to help the needy, she said, but it must fund them better and make them more effective.

Related: These Americans are fighting to bring manufacturing jobs back

Holt, who also owns two rental properties and a laundromat, wonders why the feds bailed out the banks during the Great Recession instead of doing more to directly help Americans. The banks only made it harder for people to take out loans, said the West Decatur, Pennsylvania, resident.

"If they gave everyone $100,000, that would have kick-started a lot of people," she said.

Holt is saddled with $15,000 in student loans that got her halfway through a bachelor's degree in business management from Lock Haven University several years ago. She doesn't know whether it's worth the money to finish since well-paying jobs are hard to find in Clearfield these days. She makes $10.45 an hour now, compared to $12 an hour in the 1980s when she worked at a local sewing factory.

Over and over again, those interviewed in Clearfield voiced disdain for government at all levels: Elected officials make promises they don't keep and don't get anything done. Bureaucrats just collect a paycheck and don't try to help those in need.

That's why Heather Grimm, 33, doesn't bother voting. The single mother lives with her two young boys and fiancee, Jesse Harnish, in subsidized housing, which eats up about 40% of his monthly income from driving school and charter buses. She thinks politicians are greedy and the system is broken.

Related: The anatomy of a white working class Trump voter

Grimm, who worked from the age of 16 until nearly four years ago, said jobs in the area don't pay enough for her to buy a car and to put her kids in after-school programs. And if she were employed, she'd also lose her food stamps and other public assistance.

The Clearfield borough, Pennsylvania, resident thinks the deck is stacked against working class folks like her.

"The government makes the rules for us to follow," said Grimm. "But people get fed up. We are doing what we are supposed to be doing, but we're not getting anywhere."

White, Working Class & Worried is a CNN partnership with the Kaiser Family Foundation - an extensive survey of white, working class Americans and voters who form a backbone of the support for Donald Trump. See more tonight on Anderson Cooper 360.

About the survey: CNN partnered with The Kaiser Family Foundation to conduct an in-depth survey of the white working class in America, their politics, their perceptions of America's changing demographics, the economy, immigration, their personal finances, their faith, among others. This group has become increasingly important to the 2016 presidential race since they have been a key support to Donald Trump's bid for the White House. Here are the full results of the survey.
====End Article====

====Article #1====
*TITLE: Five things that happened at Haute Couture Fashion Week
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/01/27/fashion/haute-couture-paris-fashion-spring-summer-2017/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Allyssia Alleyne']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) Today marks the end of Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris, where the world's most prestigious design houses debuted their Spring-Summer 2017 collections in elaborately staged runway shows.

To capture the most memorable moments, CNN Style commissioned fashion illustrator Velwyn Yossy to illustrate the highlights in her distinctive water colors.

"@jpgaultierofficial revisits the 80s with flower power and bright colourful graphics" - @velwyn A photo posted by CNN Style (@cnnstyle) on Jan 25, 2017 at 11:55pm PST

Mad science

Once again, Dutch designer Iris van Herpen was unrivaled in her use of innovative technology. Her monochromatic dresses -- designed on the computer, made from synthetic materials, and molded by hand -- seemed like walking optical illusions.

"I am perpetually amazed by Iris' continuous innovation and cross-exploration in fashion design, architecture and technology," Yossy says.
====End Article====

====Article #2====
*TITLE: #ThatsNotLove: Helping teens spot relationship abuse
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/02/24/health/teen-dating-abuse-thatsnotlove-one-love-foundation/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Kelly Wallace']
*ARTICLE: Kelly Wallace is CNN's digital correspondent and editor-at-large covering family, career and life. Read her other columns and follow her reports at CNN Parents and on Twitter @kellywallacetv.

(CNN) Looking back, Mattis Collier, now 20 and a junior at the University of South Carolina, can see all the warning signs.

"It was a very quick relationship. I didn't know him very well ... but the jealousy, the rage, all of that stuff came pretty soon after," said Collier about her ex-boyfriend, whom she started dating early in high school.

There was so much isolation, she says, remembering how he went through her phone one time, deleting all of her male friends in her contacts and on Facebook, and how he told her she couldn't talk to guys or go to parties.

Reluctant to get too specific, she says the relationship was abusive in multiple ways. Ultimately, she cut off communication with him after she started college.

"I was very blind to the situation, and you know, when it's your first love and all of that, you really think that that kind of thing is, 'Oh it won't happen again,' or 'He was just so mad,' or 'I lied to him so I deserved that,' but it progressively got worse."

Yeardley Love was beaten to death by her ex-boyfriend in 2010.

This summer, Collier's father wore a "One Love" baseball cap to support the One Love Foundation -- an organization created in honor of Yeardley Love , the University of Virginia lacrosse player who was beaten to death by her ex-boyfriend just three weeks before she would have graduated in May 2010.

Collier's father encouraged her to check out the foundation. "I think that was his way of saying, 'I'm wearing this hat in honor of a girl that was not as lucky as you.'"

So one night she went up to her room and looked up every news article and video she could find about One Love, and made a decision to create a campus organization called Team One Love at her college this past fall. "I was like, 'OK, if I don't do this for anyone else, I'm going to do it for myself.'"

Mattis Collier's sign says, "I will never let you go even when you want to. #ThatsNotLove"

There are now 40 active Team One Loves on college campuses across the country and nearly 6,000 Team One Love members. The goal is for the students to take the lead in educating and empowering their peers about the signs and dangers of relationship abuse. It's all part of a #ThatsNotLove campaign that One Love Foundation officially launched back in October.

'Every kid has a stake in solving this problem'

But this goes way beyond a campaign. The One Love Foundation hopes #ThatsNotLove starts a movement.

"I think the idea behind #ThatsNotLove is how can we think of a lot of different, creative ways to emphasize the same core message, which is that there is a difference between relationships that are about love and relationships that are about control, that you can see in some of the earliest phases of a relationship behaviors that are healthy and unhealthy," said Katie Hood, chief executive officer of the One Love Foundation.

"We're trying to sort of make this very clear, that every kid has a stake in solving this problem. Every kid has a stake in working for change and thereby make it easier for people to do so," she said.

To drill that point home and get to teens and college students where they are -- on social media -- One Love worked with an outside agency to create "couplets," eight digital shorts featuring animated emojis, which in a very clear-cut way indicate how intensity, obsession, isolation, disrespect, blame, control, anger and put-downs are most definitely not love.

Since the couplets were launched this month in honor of Teen Dating Violence Awareness and Protection Month, they have been viewed nearly 5 million times and counting, according to One Love.

"They demonstrate exactly what we're trying to say with 'That's not love,' but they do it a lighthearted way," said Sharon Love, Yeardley's mother and the founder of the One Love Foundation. "They're not threatening. They're very simple but they bring the point home directly."

Added Lexie Love Hodges, Yeardley's sister: "They can capture a whole relationship in five seconds." People don't always recognize relationship abuse when they read an article about it or listen to someone talk about it, she said, but here they can see the behavior demonstrated in a way they might click with.

"The topic of relationship violence is so heavy. I think that's why it's not talked about often and I think that the couplets ... make it more approachable for friends to bring it up in a different way," she said.

In addition to the digital shorts, two public service announcements also titled "That's Not Love" have been released, and have been viewed more than 5 million times on Facebook and YouTube since October.

'We were so clueless'

Relationship abuse is an issue that was never discussed in her household, Sharon Love said during a phone interview from her home in Baltimore.

"We were so clueless," she said, adding that she and her family knew nothing about it and didn't feel like it was a topic they needed to be concerned about either. "We didn't realize there were signs, and we're trying to turn that upside down. ... The signs are somewhat obvious but they're masked as love. You can think that they're madly in love with you when they're really just trying to control you."

"I feel like what we thought of domestic violence was of someone that was married with children, that was stuck in a situation, that was dependent on the abuser and couldn't get out," said Love, saying what came to mind was Farrah Fawcett's portrayal in the movie about domestic violence, "The Burning Bed."

"That was like stuck in my head. That's what relationship violence is," she said.

It didn't ever occur to her that relationship abuse could impact young people, let alone that young women in Yeardley's age group were at the highest risk.

On May 3, 2010, when Yeardley was just 22 and weeks away from her college graduation, Sharon Love awoke to police officers at her front door. Life as she and her family knew it was completely over.

The MADD for relationship abuse?

Determined to raise awareness among teens and help them recognize the warning signs of abusive relationships, Sharon Love started the foundation in the hopes of doing for relationship abuse what Mothers Against Drunk Driving has done for drinking and driving.

"They changed a whole mentality, with generations now thinking it's appalling to drink and drive. My generation didn't think anything of it," she said. "So we're hoping that relationship violence will be appalling behavior and something that you speak up against right away."

The foundation created a film called "Escalation," which showcases a fictional relationship between two students, Paige and Chase, that starts to turn very wrong, very quickly. In the film, Chase wants to be with Paige all the time, gets jealous when she spends time with men, begins to isolate her from her friends and grows increasingly more angry and violent as she starts to pull away. The film has a tragic ending and concludes with photos of young women who in real life were killed by their abusive partners.

I watched the film last year as it was being rolled out on college campuses around the country. It left me shaken and so upset. I watched it again before writing this piece and feel exactly the same way.

So far, the film -- along with a 45-minute workshop led by student facilitators -- has been shown nearly 700 times at colleges and high schools across the country, with nearly 35,000 students participating. According to Hood of One Love, nearly 90% of students who participated in workshops said they thought it should be required viewing at their school, and 97% said they would recommend it to a friend even if it wasn't required.

'Rocketed' to understanding

The goal, an ambitious one, is to have 100% of students on every campus in the U.S. see the film and participate in a workshop, said Hood.

"Because movement is our goal, we just want as many eyeballs to see it as possible," she said. "We now think that if ultimately we want to change the social climate on campuses, so that people can speak up when they see things, then it can't just be a pocket of kids that see it. It has to be many, many more."

I wondered why One Love wouldn't just release the film on YouTube and allow teens across the country and around the world to see it. Hood said there are two reasons. First, it could be triggering for someone who is an abusive relationship, she said, and you would want to make sure there were resources available or you could communicate to that person what resources are available when they watched it. And second, she said, while the film is powerful, the workshops are more powerful.

"You walk in, you think this has nothing to do with you. And in 38 minutes, which is the length of the film ... you're sort of rocketed to not only understanding the issue, being more aware of it, you recognize that you've seen it before," said Hood. "You have a connection to it."

Because ultimately, that's part of the sad reality of relationship abuse. We all most likely know someone who has experienced this.

"It doesn't discriminate. It's not just poor people. It's not just people without fathers or mothers or guidance. It's everybody. It's your sorority sister. It's your friend. It's your sibling. It's your child," said Mattis Collier, who hopes to be able to work with One Love after her graduation in December and then go to law school to work on the issue of domestic violence in college athletics.

"And I think it's very important for people to realize that you need to talk about it and you need to explain it while you're younger. It's not just bruises that are giveaways for an abusive relationship. ... It's how someone talks to you. It's how someone treats you. It's how someone talks about you to others."

Showing people they have a role to play

Collier wishes the "Escalation" workshop were required at her high school and college. Right now, just over 40 schools require it with a subset of students, including athletic teams, fraternities and sororities, and freshmen, according to One Love.

"I wish that this was a required seminar for high school, for college students, because the lack of knowledge and education awareness in our country is astounding," said Collier.

As One Love looks to the future, it hopes not only to increase the number of schools where "Escalation" workshops are held and also increase the number of schools where they are required, but also to deepen the engagement of students, with more Team One Loves -- more students like Collier facilitating workshops, training students to be workshop facilitators and holding "That's Not Love" events where they write words on sheets to match what love is and what it is not.

"It may sound crazy to have these ambitious goals about starting a movement and getting to 100% of the kids on college campuses," said Hood, "but it's sort of pretty simple what we're trying to do. We're trying to just wake people up to their personal connection and get them to develop their voice and understanding that they have a role to play."

What drives Sharon Love and the rest of her family is trying to prevent what happened to Yeardley from happening to any other young person in a relationship.

"I feel pretty confident already that we are saving lives," she said. "We've gotten so many letters from so many people that have gotten out of a bad situation, and really just one of those letters makes it all worthwhile."
====End Article====

====Article #3====
*TITLE: Minas Gerais: Why you should see this overlooked Brazilian state
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/11/23/travel/what-to-see-minas-gerais-brazil/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Kevin Raub']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) When most people think of Brazil, it goes something like this: Toes in the sands of Copacabana Beach in Rio, sipping on caipirinhas -- the national cocktail crafted with a rum-like spirit distilled from sugar cane called cachaça -- all set to a sun-drenched samba soundtrack.

That's nice and all, but Brazil's beauty extends way beyond sun, sand and samba.

In the interior state of Minas Gerais, Brazil's heartland beckons. This landlocked wonderland of rolling pastoral hills and postcard-perfect mountains is steeped in colonial history and boasts a culinary pedigree that counts itself among the South American giant's heartiest and richest.

This is Brazilian God's country.

Deep culinary credibility

When Brazilians talk food, they'll usually tell you the gaúchos in the South are the best at beef and Paulistanos are the best at pizza and everything gourmet. But the Mineiros -- as the people of Minas Gerais are known -- are the best at pretty much everything they do in a kitchen.

It's impossible to have a bad meal here, but if you are a serious foodie and want to get straight to the heart of this heavy, pork-dependent country cuisine, head straight to the cinematic colonial village of Tiradentes, a place of holy worship for gourmands in the know.

JUST WATCHED This is what Brazilian comfort food looks like Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH This is what Brazilian comfort food looks like 01:18

Just 7,000 people share six starred restaurants -- the highest per capita in Brazil -- according to Guia4Rodas, Brazil's most respected culinary bible and a soulmate to France's Michelin guides.

Your menu? Suckling pig at Leitão do Luiz Ney (Rua do Chafariz s/n), chicken with saffron and ora-pro-nóbis served in a soapstone pot at Virada's do Largo (Rua do Moinho 11), Manuel sem Jaleco ("Manuel without a Jacket") at Estralegam do Sabor (Gabriel Passos 280), a comfort-food scramble of sorts with rice, beans, eggs, kale, house-smoked bacon, bananas and a succulent semi-smoked pork loin that spends days maturing in a rudimentary backyard closet.

And dessert? Dried guava fruit rolled in cashew nuts and fried, served over a bed of Brazilian cream cheese with guava ice cream at Tragaluz (Rua Direita 52).

That cachaça in those caipirinhas we discussed earlier? All of the good ones come from Minas, too. Chase it all down with a top-end artisanal sipping cachaça like Anísio Santiago/Havana.

Brazil's bar capital

Belo Horizonte, the state capital, is Brazil's third-largest metropolis (population: 1.4 million), but it is the country's undisputed capital of botecos -- cozy neighborhood bars, a sort of tropical pub, if you will.

Known nationally as the "City of Bars" (there are about 12,000 botecos, more bars per capita than any other city in the world), Beagá (as it is affectionately nicknamed for the pronunciation of the abbreviated letters "BH" in Portuguese) is a very good city for a tipple.

The annual Comida di Buteco championship results are a good place to narrow down your bar-hopping list.

JUST WATCHED Secret home of great chefs in Brazil Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Secret home of great chefs in Brazil 01:00

Colonial history

Minas Gerais is home to some of the most fiercely preserved colonial towns in Brazil.

Built on the takings of gold and coffee, cobblestoned living museums like the UNESCO World Heritage-designated old towns of Ouro Preto and Diamantina and the sleepy foodie haven of Tiradentes harbor many of the country's most photogenic streets, flush with whitewashed villas doused in colorful trim and staunchly committed to their centuries-old ways.

There is a palpable stuck-in-time feel as you wander these stunning villages a world away from the Atlantic Ocean.

The Michelangelo of Brazil

For art and architecture buffs, Minas Gerais is the promised land, mainly due to the presence of works by Brazil's most lauded sculptor, Aleijadinho, often touted as Brazil's Michelangelo.

JUST WATCHED Can 'real' Brazilian food go mainstream? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Can 'real' Brazilian food go mainstream? 01:32

Nothing quite prepares you for the first time you lay eyes on his masterwork and Brazil's single most important piece of colonial art, "Twelve Prophets," at the sanctuary of Bom Jesus de Matosinhos in Congonhas.

Old, sick and crippled, Aleijadinho spent five years between 1800 and 1805 toiling away on 12 Old Testament figures carved from soapstone that pepper the church's courtyard and stairway. It's one of Brazil's surefire 'Wow!' moments.

Churches bathed in glamor and gold

In the UNESCO World Heritage old town of Ouro Preto, São Francisco de Assis Church (Largo de Coimbra s/n) boasts a staggering exterior carved by Aleijadinho and is considered his second most important work after Congonhas.

Nearby, Basílica Nossa Senhora do Pilar (Praça Monsenhor Castilho Barbosa) is second only to Salvador's São Francisco Church and Convent in sheer opulence: Housing just under half a ton of gold and silver in its nave, it is one of Brazil's most stunning -- and valuable - colonial art treasures.

A priest and his maned wolves

A bit off the beaten path even for Brazilians, Parque Natural do Caraça protects some 38-square-miles of transition zone between the Mata Atlântica (Atlantic rainforest) and cerrado (tropical savannah) ecosystems.

The park itself is a bounty of blissful nature, but most remarkable for one of Brazil's true oddities: The nightly feeding of the lobo guará (maned wolves), South America's largest wild canine, at Pousada Santuário do Caraça

In true Saint Francis style, the priest at the Catholic-run pousada (inn) worked a tireless two years befriending the wolves and feeding them nightly.

Today, after dinner in the monastery's old stone refectory, guests gather on the back porch and wait, speaking in hushed tones and sipping on cachaça, waiting for the wolves to come.

When they do, it's a miraculous sight as they slowly saunter up the steps -- lanky, wild and on constant guard -- to gobble up the night's leftovers. Only in Minas.
====End Article====

====Article #4====
*TITLE: Learning to be a fighter: Young mom struggles with Parkinson's
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/12/05/health/parkinsons-early-onset/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Susan Scutti']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) Sometimes, you don't know the exact moment when your life has changed.

For Monica Schulman, 38, one of the first signs that her health -- her life -- had changed was so slight that it only began to bother her because it kept happening.

"I was standing in the bathroom, and I kept noticing while I was brushing my teeth that my left side toes kept kind of curling under, and they were getting tense all of a sudden. And I really didn't think anything of it for months, but I kept doing this," said Schulman, of Atlanta, a part-time teacher and a mother of four. "And I was thinking: This is so weird. I don't know why I keep curling my toes under."

Though it was unusual enough to make her pause, she did not go see a doctor. Schulman took that important step only after noticing another symptom.

Monica Schulman, a mother of four, was diagnosed with Parkinson's Disease when she was 37.

"I was visiting my sister in New York, who at the time was going through chemo because she got diagnosed with breast cancer, and we would be walking a little bit through Manhattan," Schulman said. "And I kept telling her, 'My left arm is just not swaying!' "

She'd never thought about arm movements, but once she experienced it, she knew that something was off: "My arm was just kind of tight, and it was just laying there."

She also felt the barest shiver of a tremor that was unnoticeable to other people. She'd gone to the doctor some time ago about a tingling sensation, and he had run some tests -- "I think he was trying to see if I had (multiple sclerosis)" -- but he'd found nothing wrong. "You're fine, you're fine," he told her.

After her trip to New York, she turned to Google before consulting a physician.

"I pretty much diagnosed myself," Schulman said. "I typed my symptoms in, and everything that popped up that I read was Parkinson's-related."

A neurological disorder, Parkinson's disease can bring tremor, stiffness, slowness of movement, trouble balancing, problems walking and difficulty coordinating movement. These are the obvious symptoms and the reason why Parkinson's is sometimes referred to as a "movement disorder." Yet other symptoms are also common: Patients can experience depression, sleep problems, anxiety, fatigue and constipation.

After her Google search, Schulman turned to her family: "And everybody was like, 'You do not have Parkinson's. You're too young.' "

Most Parkinson's patients are diagnosed around age 58.

"They're like, 'You're crazy,' " said Schulman. "And I was like, 'I really think I do.' "

After more research, she asked her husband, Jeremy, to help her get in to see In the face of disbelief, Schulman knew that she needed to find the best doctor to validate her self-diagnosis.After more research, she asked her husband, Jeremy, to help her get in to see Dr. Stewart Factor , a neurologist and director of the Movement Disorders Program at the Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta. He is an expert in the field, and his appointment calendar is booked many months in advance.

Her husband told office staff members, "she's really young; she's freaking out," and eventually they took pity and found a time for Schulman to see the doctor sooner rather than later.

In a waiting room filled with elderly people, Schulman gloomily observed the same symptoms she was experiencing: the rigidity, the tremors. Her name was called.

"The first time Dr. Factor saw me, he was like, 'Wow, you're young,' " she said. Immediately, he explained that there's no "100% test" to tell somebody they have Parkinson's disease.

Still, the news was grim. After a symptom check and neurological evaluation, he said he believed that Schulman had Parkinson's.

"I was OK, but pretty hysterical," Schulman said.

The cause of Parkinson's

People under the age of 40 make up about 15% of all Parkinson's cases, according to Factor.

"We call that young-onset Parkinson's, while under the age of 20 is juvenile-onset of Parkinson's disease," Factor said. "That's much less common. The youngest person I've personally seen with Parkinson's had onset at age 18."

Why some patients develop Parkinson's at a very early age is not completely clear, explains Dr. Rebecca Gilbert, an associate professor of neurology at NYU Langone Medical Center. "But it does seem that patients who get it early tend to have a more prominent genetic component," added Gilbert, who is also a movement disorder specialist.

Monica Schulman with her husband, Jeremy, recently enjoying a night out together.

Schulman's genetic tests revealed a mutated LRRK2, one of the most prominent and researched Parkinson's disease genes.

According to Factor, between 1% and 3% of all people with Parkinson's disease in the United States have this mutation. It's more common among some ethnicities, such as Ashkenazi Jews and North African Berbers.

Yet LRRK2 has only about a 30% "penetrance," Gilbert said: "If you inherit the abnormal gene, you have a 30% chance of developing Parkinson's."

Gilbert acknowledges that the genetics are "very complicated and getting more complicated every day." Oftentimes, she says, patients who develop the disorder at an older age have some genetic component.

In fact, a whole variety of genes either cause or are associated with or contribute to the risk of developing Parkinson's disease.

"There are well over 20 genes that impact Parkinson's," Factor said. "There are five of them that are what we call causative -- in other words, the mutation causes the disease -- whereas the other genes just impact risk."

As he explains, the risk genes are teaching scientists about what systems (and symptoms) might be involved in Parkinson's. For instance, one risk gene regulates immune response, and it is well-known that inflammation in the brain is a symptom of the condition.

"Some have thought that the progressive nature of the disease may be because of this ongoing inflammatory change in the brain," Factor said.

Head Trauma

Schulman, who has spent a good deal of time researching her illness, knows that a possible contributing factor -- or in some cases a cause -- is head trauma. (Sports legend Muhammad Ali's doctors believe that boxing-related brain injuries led to his Parkinson's diagnosis.)

"There are some studies that have shown having a history of head trauma with loss of consciousness at some early time in your life can be associated with the development of Parkinson's later, but the impact it has on your risk is small," Factor said. "Muhammad Ali was a complex case."

Ali had young-onset Parkinson's diagnosed in his late 30s, Factor explains. Early in the course of his disease, some doctors said Ali looked like he had typical Parkinson's disease, with a tremor in one hand, but over time, his symptoms became compounded by effects from the trauma of his career.

"People who were boxers that get pugilistic Parkinson's often don't respond to medications, and they have a different look," Factor said.

"When I was 18 years old, I was in a really bad car accident in 1996 where I flipped my car seven times," Schulman said. "I broke high vertebra in my neck and had to wear a halo." She also began suffering from from anxiety and depression.

Today, she wonders "if that impact is why what's happening now is happening."

Dopamine in the brain

At their first meeting, Factor recommended that Schulman get a DaTscan, a nuclear imaging test that looks at brain chemistry, specifically the integrity of dopamine cells.

If you have normal integrity of dopamine cells, you don't have Parkinson's, Factor explains, but if the test results are abnormal, "then you can have any one of these series of diseases that results in the death of dopamine cells, Parkinson's being the most common."

The scan showed "that I already had some dopamine loss on one side of the brain, on the right side, so that affects the left, and that's where my symptoms are," Schulman said.

Despite the results, Schulman says, she "wasn't really convinced" and asked for recommendations for second opinions. Two other doctors reached the same diagnosis after they learned her symptoms and saw the DaTscan results.

"So why do you have a lack of dopamine in your brain? You have a lack of dopamine in your brain because a certain cell that produces dopamine dies. There's degeneration of a specific type of neurons," Gilbert said.

Though it's "more complicated than that" because the dopamine deficiency mainly accounts for motor symptoms of the disease, Parkinson's "affects a lot of different areas of functioning," including autonomic functions (such as blood pressure and breathing), cognition and urination.

Treating Parkinson's, then, is a matter of producing dopamine in the brain.

Medication

A key of Parkinson's treatment is the drug levodopa , which is converted into dopamine in the brain and is "the cornerstone" of Parkinson's therapy, says Factor. Accordingly, he has prescribed it for Schulman along with a second drug, rotigotine.

Parkinson's patients experience "ons and offs," said Factor: motor fluctuations in response to the drug. These fluctuations appear as involuntary movements, known as dyskinesia. Actor and Parkinson's patient Michael J. Fox has this symptom and writes in his autobiography about overmedicating with levodopa early in his diagnosis to "cover" his symptoms and keep working.

Some researchers believe dyskinesia is caused by medication flowing in waves or pulses in the brain. Some believe that taking too much levodopa causes dyskinesia.

One of the big discussions in the field is whether and when to start treatment with levodopa, Factor explained, since the drug contributes to dyskinesia. But it is not the only cause.

"I personally believe that the progressive nature of each individual's disease predestines them to get it at some point," Factor said. "So if you delay the levodopa to try and prevent it, you're not going to prevent it, and you're going to lose a period of time when patients can have a really good response."

He tends to use it early, to give young patients the best opportunity to continue working. To limit the dose and delay fluctuations, he adds a second drug to the regimen.

Another reason for giving levodopa to young-onset patients is that they can undergo deep brain stimulation surgery once the fluctuations become troublesome.

"Young people are the best candidates, because they are healthy and will have long-term benefits from the surgery," Factor said.

As Gilbert explains, delivery of medication is one of the most important areas of Parkinson's research right now. The goal is finding a way to deliver medication that stimulates the production of dopamine within the brain in a more continuous, sustained way. Among the new delivery systems, pharmaceutical researchers have developed infusion systems to pump medication directly into the small intestines.

One new class of drugs under development is chemically similar to caffeine, says Factor, because caffeine appears to lower the risk of getting Parkinson's disease in people with certain genes. Surprisingly, nicotine and other environmental toxicants may have a similar effect, lowering the risk for people with a certain genetic profile.

"We very rarely see Parkinson's disease in active smokers," Factor said.

From Schulman's perspective, all the research focused on medication is somewhat disappointing.

"It's all symptom management," she said, adding that she doesn't expect a cure in her lifetime. Despite recent advances in neuroscience, a cure for this complex disease is not on the horizon.

At the same time, even though she knows "there's no reason to suffer and it's not necessarily going to get worse if you begin to take levodopa right now," she still has some worry about taking too much levodopa.

"The tremor is annoying when I'm out at a restaurant with friends and my meds are wearing off," Schulman said. "I can feel myself moving, so I try to sit on my hand.

"It's also hard taking all these meds regularly. It's like three times a day," she said. "But I'm dealing with it and functioning."

Prognosis

"Everyone who is born holds dual citizenship, in the kingdom of the well and in the kingdom of the sick," Susan Sontag wrote in her book " Illness as Metaphor ," adding that sooner or later, each of us will count ourselves among the citizens in the country of sickness.

But not everyone in the kingdom of the sick believes the stamp on her passport.

"There's still part of me that doesn't believe that I have Parkinson's," Schulman admitted. "I just have that percentage that still thinks they all got it wrong and maybe it's something else.

"I'm trying to get over this denial phase, because I think I've been in it a little too long."

In January, she will leave her job as a preschool teacher and start focusing on "going to the gym every day and getting a trainer and start moving more and taking it a little more seriously."

Exercise is the best thing Parkinson's patients can do for themselves, according to Gilbert, who says, "lots and lots of things are improved when patients exercise." Many studies have showed that exercise improves symptoms of depression, helps with cognition and slows the progression of motor symptoms.

Although Factor refers to her symptoms as mild, Schulman says, "to me, it's pretty not mild, because I feel them." She noticed that her tremor has worsened since her diagnosis in early 2015 and asked Factor if that meant she is progressing quickly.

"It's slow and slower, that's what he said: People progress slow or slower," Schulman said. "They don't know how much I'll progress. They don't know if I'll stay this way and never get worse. They know to a point you do get worse, but everybody's different. Two years from now, I could be a lot worse or be where I'm at right now."

"The hardest part for me is not even so much that I have Parkinson's disease, it's my kids," said Schulman, who has an 11-year-old son, a 10-year-old son, a 7-year-old daughter and a 3-year-old son. Each knows in some way about their mother's disease.

"My oldest is aware. I sat with him once, and I talked to him about it, and he started crying actually, and he asked me if I was gonna die, and I said 'no, I'm not gonna die,' " she said. "The other ones know, but they don't really know so much about it.

"I cried a lot thinking now my kids are going to have a mom who is sick, someone who is not going to be able to do things they want me to do," she said. "I feel so bad for my husband. We've been married for 15 years, and now he has a wife with Parkinson's."

Most people die with Parkinson's disease, not because of it, says Factor. Still, people with very long-term Parkinson's can develop dementia or lose their ability to walk and then may get complications of immobility, such as pneumonia or other infections.

Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.

"They say you don't die from Parkinson's, but ..." Schulman said with a laugh. "I sort of disagree."

Everywhere on the groups she's joined -- a Facebook group and other chat rooms -- family members say their loved ones died from complications of the disease.

"I just hope that I progress slowly enough that there will be better medicine to help," she said.

Meanwhile, she still finds it embarrassing to say she has Parkinson's, because "people envision an old person shaking and looking a little funny."

"I want to be one of those personalities, those people who are like a fighter and gung ho and raising money and supporting the foundation and out there about it."

"I want to be that way," Schulman said. "I'm just not there yet."
====End Article====

====Article #5====
*TITLE: Mesmerizing photos of abandoned structures
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/08/29/arts/brian-precious-decay-photography/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Tiffany Ap']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) The derelict is not the first thing that most people would choose to study, but neglected and rotting structures are photographer Brian Precious Decay's specialty.

A 40-year old executive at a transport company by day, he visits abandoned buildings in his spare time -- from sorry-looking children's camps and vacant hospitals to run-down castles -- creating haunting images of places reduced to just a shadow of their former selves.

Precious Decay is a pseudonym, but the photographer has asked not to reveal his real name because what he does may be considered trespassing.

The interest in all things abandoned was spurred by his hometown of Rotterdam, which was almost completely destroyed during World War II. A photography course in 2010 then set the wheels in motion.

While there is a melancholic beauty his work, he readily admits that his style is niche and not something most people would want to place on their living room wall.

Here, he discusses how to find appeal in unexpected places.

How do you scout locations?

It's really a way of life because you have to look on Google Earth to search for areas where you see the grass has not been mowed. You check the newspapers for messages for hospitals that are out of use.

It takes a lot of time, and I have two small kids and a family. It takes a lot of money.

In the Netherlands, where I live, buildings that are abandoned get boarded up. Belgium is a two-hour drive from my home, but you can also go to France, Germany, Austria and further and further. Hotels and plane tickets add up.

What region have you found to be the most fertile for abandoned sites?

The former East Germany, which used to be divided by the Berlin Wall. There are a lot of abandoned buildings there.

Also, in the skiing areas in the Czech Republic or in Germany. At one point people went skiing and hotels popped up, but when people went elsewhere they had to close down. In Austria, there's a ski town that's almost completely abandoned.

The Netherlands doesn't really have castles like they do in Italy and Poland. They cost a lot of money and, especially when they deteriorate, renovation costs are pretty high. The renovation costs are then higher than the worth of the buildings, so then it just keeps on deteriorating. Even demolishing is more expensive than leaving it to rot.

Do you often run into obstacles while photographing derelict structures?

Normally, if they see us with a camera they think we're okay. We're not destroying stuff. I want to shoot pictures of how I found it. If I start moving stuff then you get a staged living room. It's not real.

We usually go early in the morning when the sun is just coming up and everyone is sleeping. If there's a gate, we may climb over the gate or we find a hole in the gate. We don't break stuff. The worse thing the police can say is delete your pictures but that's it. It's a bit of a thrill.

What is your most memorable shoot?

There was a big castle in Belgium. We'd been there several times, but we could never find an entry. As a rule, we don't break in. It should be open or else you don't enter.

We went at five in the morning. We took pictures. There was a Jeep circling around the castle continuously. We thought this was not good, but we continued because nobody called us. We thought we needed to step out and the police showed up. They asked us what we're doing here. They checked what was in our car and that no stuff was taken in our bags.

So we went to the police station, got mugshots, but they let us leave. Once we stepped out, we had a beer but then chose to go to a factory nearby to photograph some more.

What do you find beautiful about decay?

The history of the place, definitely. Nature taking over too. Sometimes you see a roof collapsed and moss growing on the floor. If you leave it as it is, a tree will grow in the house, and things like that are what fascinates people, I think.

I don't see it as negative. Decay can be very beautiful but it's personal. A lot of people like the pictures because it raises questions but to hang it on your living room wall, that's another question.
====End Article====

====Article #6====
*TITLE: The real terror threat in America is homegrown
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/06/12/opinions/orlando-homegrown-terror-bergen/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Peter Bergen', 'Cnn National Security Analyst']
*ARTICLE: Story highlights Orlando mass killing fits grim pattern of homegrown terrorism, writes Peter Bergen

Since 9/11, every attack on U.S. soil was carried out by citizen or legal permanent resident, he writes

Peter Bergen is CNN's national security analyst, a vice president at New America and a professor of practice at Arizona State University. He is the author of the new book "United States of Jihad: Investigating America's Homegrown Terrorists."

(CNN) The mass killing in Orlando this weekend fits a grim pattern: Every lethal terrorist attack in the United States in the past decade and a half has been carried out by American citizens or legal permanent residents, operating either as lone wolves or in pairs, who have no formal connections or training from terrorist organizations such as al Qaeda or ISIS.

Because 9/11 was carried out by 19 Arab foreign-born terrorists, many Americans may think that terrorist attacks in the United States are carried out by foreigners, rather than by U.S. citizens.

But Omar Mateen, who on Sunday carried out the deadliest terrorist attack in the United States since 9/11, is an American citizen who was born in New York to parents who immigrated to the United States from Afghanistan.

In fact, since 9/11, a plot which was directed by al Qaeda from Afghanistan and involved only foreign operatives, the real terror threat in the United States has been American citizens or legal permanent residents such as the Tsarnaev brothers, who carried out the Boston Marathon bombings in 2013, and Nidal Hasan, the U.S. Army major who killed 13 at Fort Hood, Texas, four years earlier.

In other ways, Mateen is also typical of jihadist terrorists in the States. He was on the radar of the FBI as a possible militant, just as Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who was investigated by the bureau because of a tip from the Russian government in 2011 that he might be a militant.

Read More
====End Article====

====Article #7====
*TITLE: Duffy: 'There's a difference' on white terror and Muslim terror
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/07/politics/sean-duffy-white-terrorism-cnntv/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Eugene Scott']
*ARTICLE: Story highlights "You don't have a group like ISIS or Al Qaeda that is inspiring around the world," he said

Duffy said he does not know why Trump doesn't mention white terrorism acts

(CNN) Rep. Sean Duffy said Tuesday "there is a difference" between terror acts by white people and those committed by Muslims.

CNN's Alisyn Camerota asked on "New Day" about President Donald Trump's recent immigration and travel ban, which was aimed at fighting threats of radical Islam.

"Why isn't the President talking about the white terrorists who mowed down six Muslims praying at their mosque," she asked.

"I don't know," the Wisconsin Republican replied, referencing the mass shooting at a mosque in Quebec City last month . "There's a difference."

"You don't have a group like ISIS or al Qaeda that is inspiring people around the world to take up arms and kill innocents. ... That was a one off, Alisyn," Duffy added.

Read More
====End Article====

====Article #8====
*TITLE: When the coral disappears, so will they
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/12/11/world/vanishing-sutter-coral-madagascar/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Story John D. Sutter', 'Cnn Video Matt Gannon', 'John D. Sutter', 'Lydia', 'Nosy Andragnambala']
*ARTICLE: John D. Sutter is a columnist for CNN Opinion who focuses on climate change and social justice. Follow him on Snapchat , Facebook and email . This story is part of a CNN series called " Vanishing ." Learn more about the sixth extinction and get involved.

Nosy Andragnombala, Madagascar (CNN) It's 2 a.m. when the half-moon wakes Hary. He senses its gravitational pull -- feels the moon coaxing fish out of a nearby reef and into his fishing nets here at the edge of Africa.

The 33-year-old fisherman seems to have an almost-telepathic relationship with the coral that surround this castaway island, which is little more than a heap of sand off the southwest coast of Madagascar. That relationship was passed down from his father, and it's one held by Vezo people here.

That word -- Vezo -- is taken to mean "at struggle with the sea," and residents of Nosy Andragnombala define themselves by that struggle. At birth, their umbilical cords are placed in seashells and tossed as an offering into deep blue waters.

They are part of the reef, and it is part of them.

There's little else: No electricity or freshwater. No industry, no jobs, no school. If you don't know the reef -- can't feel its tides and sense its moods -- then you can't survive.

And that makes what's happening on this island all the more tragic.

The reef is disappearing.

Coral have started turning white and dying. No one here understands why.

Local theories abound. Was it that hurricane? A chemical spill? A curse? Moake, an older neighbor of Hary's, told me white coral snagged his fishing net one day. It spooked him, and now he won't return to that spot. "I've already seen the white coral but I don't know what's caused it to become white," Hary tells me. "I don't know whether it's something in the water that's caused it to turn white."

Hary wakes well before dawn to cast fishing nets into the Mozambique Channel.

Yet, he's seen clues.

"There's a time when you see it," he says. "During the hot season."

Scientists can explain the mystery of the white coral.

But, frankly, I'm starting to see it as a curse, too.

A curse you and I cooked up.

'And then we wept'

By now, the storyline should be familiar: We humans are burning loads of fossil fuels and chopping down the rainforest, and that's causing the atmosphere to heat up rapidly.

That's true regardless of who's in the White House.

What's less understood is that the ocean is actually storing much of that heat.

Beneath the surface, there's evidence of a mass extinction brewing.

Coral are among the silent victims, and the results are undeniable.

This year, amid record heat, 93% of the Great Barrier Reef experienced bleaching , the term used to describe sick coral that eject the bright-colored algae that live on them. Bleached coral turn white, and while they're not dead, they are suffocating. The colorful algae feed the coral with the oxygen and sugar they need to survive. With prolonged or repeated bleaching, coral begin to die, eventually turning to rubble or becoming smothered by plants. It doesn't help that adding CO2 to the atmosphere and ocean also makes the waters more acidic, and worse still for the survival of coral.

CNN Map

The consequences are truly stunning.

Research indicates nearly all the world's coral reefs could be lost by 2050.

This is just one sign of the sweeping changes we humans are inflicting on the natural world, and ultimately on ourselves. Biologists say we are on the verge of the Earth's sixth mass-extinction event -- something akin to the end of the dinosaurs. Anthony Barnosky, a researcher at Stanford, told me we have perhaps 20 years to change course -- including addressing climate change -- or three-quarters of the world's species could vanish in coming centuries.

Overfishing and pollution also threaten coral in Madagascar. But climate change -- and the warming and ocean acidification that come with it -- is expected to land the soundest blow.

To stop that, we need to eliminate net carbon pollution.

Basically, that means purging fossil fuels from the global economy.

If we fail, there will be dire consequences.

Journalists often see the end of coral through the eyes of scientists. "I showed the results of aerial surveys of #bleaching on the #GreatBarrierReef to my students, And then we wept," Terry Hughes, a professor at Australia's James Cook University, wrote on Twitter in April.

Or we focus on losses for the tourism industry, which could be considerable.

Those perspectives matter.

More critical, though, are the 275 million people who depend on coral reefs for survival.

Hary and Lydia are raising six children. They can't afford to send them to school.

They're people like Hary, his wife, Lydia, and the six children they're raising.

Their fates are linked to a catastrophe we are helping to cause.

'My children can't eat'

Hary stops by my tent on his midnight walk to the ocean.

"Ooh-OOH! Ooh-OOH!" he calls.

Translation: Get up, reporter dude. The fish are waiting.

I stumble out of my sleeping bag, groggy and confused. Soon, we push off into the darkness of the Mozambique Channel in an outrigger canoe that Hary built by hand. Hary is in the back; the butt cheeks of his shorts are patched from years spent perched on the rails of the narrow boat. His second eldest son, Harizo, is up front. The 13-year-old is his dad's professional shadow.

A blood-colored moon hangs on the southern horizon. Father and son are faint silhouettes against the midnight sky and charcoal sea. The air tastes of salt, and the lull of the waves feels almost womb-like. Most surreal: The waters are bioluminescent, so each stroke of the paddle causes twinkling constellations of light to swim across the reef below us, as if mirroring the stars. The scene is exhilarating, especially for a city dweller like me.

In this moment I understand how completely tied Hary is to waters around the island.

As we paddle away from shore, sea melting into the distant horizon, I think about the disaster unfolding below the hull of the boat: The reef already is dying.

If we don't find anything out there, my children can't eat. Lydia, Nosy Andragnambala

A local nonprofit called Blue Ventures has been doing scuba surveys of reef health in this area. Their divers found 70% of reefs were bleached in April, at the peak of a heatwave, which is attributed partly to El Niño but also to the warming trend we're causing by burning fossil fuels.

Hary and the other fishermen know their catch is a fraction of what it once was.

"We really suffer when we go a week without catching anything," he says.

Their children cry from hunger, his wife, Lydia, tells me.

"If we don't find anything out there," she says, "my children can't eat."

'Ways of the sea'

Hary and Lydia's response to the crisis? Try harder.

They're nothing if not resourceful.

They moved to this island years ago because the reef on mainland Madagascar was too degraded -- and because the fishing was farther away. Hary lived out here with his father as a boy, and Lydia later joined him. They'd known each other as little kids in school. Neither was able to finish, though. They had to fish.

They have four kids together and care for at least two others; one is the son of a relative who died. The village is home to a few dozen people, and many depend, at least in part, on Hary's catch for their own survival.

Out here, people have to work together to make it.

After putting his net in the water about 3 a.m. Hary makes it back at shore by about 5 a.m. He is out again at dawn to collect his nets, and then spends the afternoon on the water, casting a long line with 50 hooks on it into the deep ocean just beyond the barrier of the reef.

In all, he spends about 12 hours per day at sea.

Lydia and the kids are hard at work, too. If you walk around Nosy Andragnombala, you're sure to see tiny children building and playing with wooden toy boats. They whittle out the hull and mast and then attach scrap-plastic sails. The kids push these little boats out onto the waves, tapping them with sticks so they catch the wind just so. When the children are about 10 years old, Hary says, they'll be ready to fish out on the water. He won't need to teach them to sail, though. They'll already understand how wind and wood work together.

Lydia searches reef flats near the island for octopus.

Like other women on the island, Lydia hunts octopus and cooks. At dusk, she boils fish on a fire while the sun sets and humpback whales perform their lumbering acrobatics on the horizon.

It's an idyllic place, but the struggle to live here is real. Several years ago, locals created an ocean reserve to protect the reef. They work with a village association to police the waters. Those efforts, combined with an intimate knowledge of the reef, make survival possible.

But barely.

One day, Lydia asks me, though an interpreter, if I want her to "teach me the ways of the sea."

I do, of course.

I slap some $12-a-bottle sunscreen on my face, and she leads me onto the ankle-deep reef flats, a spear in her hand and a notebook in mine.

'Hara, John!'

Lydia is a woman defined by brightness. Her shirt is magenta, yellow and blue. Her smile is loud and infectious, and she paints her face with a paste of mashed-up mangrove seeds, turning it orange and protecting it from the sun. Her intellect shines, too. If you duck down and follow her into her home, whose footprint is about the size of three queen mattresses and often sleeps eight, you'll notice two pieces of butcher paper pinned to the thatched walls. On them: English words translated into phonetics and then into Vezo, the local language.

"Water = oatere = rano."

"Fish = fise = fia."

"This is our octopus reserve = Dise ize ore aketapose rezeriva = Ato misy ty rezeriva horita nay."

She has been learning English in case a visitor showed up someday.

"Photo, John! Photo!"

Lydia points at a black urchin in the ankle-deep water. Each time she sees something new -- especially spiky, don't-step-on-that stuff, like an urchin -- she gestures frantically and insists I take a photo and write down the Vezo word for the creature in my notebook.

"John, photo!" A round, pink urchin.

"Photo!" Some greenish blob that apparently will kill you.

"Horita!"

That's an octopus, which she identifies by noticing the way the creature has arranged a pile of rocks, just so, in front of its secret den. The spot is completely unremarkable to me until she dips her spear into the hole and then twists it gently, like a baker rolling bread sticks. A tentacle emerges and wraps itself around the stick. Lydia pulls the creature out, notes that it is large enough to harvest sustainably (she won't take small octopuses because she worries about depleting the reef; and the community has established its own reef management system to try to protect its natural resources) and then stabs the tip of the spear through its Jell-O head.

A black ink cloud puddles in the water.

She ties the octopus to a bright blue string and drags it like a rag doll.

The tour continues.

Local coral is damaged for many reasons, but climate change could deliver the knock-out punch.

"Hara, John!"

Hara means coral.

Lydia points at one piece of healthy coral in a mess of rubble, a vast expanse of reef that looks something like the ruins of an ancient city. It stretches on like almost as far as I can see, a few live coral here and there, but mostly khaki, beige and gray.

It is heartbreaking to see this rubble.

Especially juxtaposed against her enthusiasm.

'Don't touch it'

I struggle with whether or how to engage Hary and Lydia in a conversation about climate change and the white coral -- this foreign curse that understandably makes little sense out here.

How do you tell someone that factories and cars and deforestation on the other side of the world are slowly heating up the entire planet, warming the ocean, making it more acidic, and messing up reefs worldwide? It's a tricky concept even for those of us who are climate culprits, who live in polluted cities and burn coal to pump electricity and air conditioning into our homes.

Out here, there are no factories, no air pollution, no cars or roads. Lydia says she's only been in a car once in her life, and it was to take her son to another family member's funeral. Her son cried, she says, because he didn't understand what was happening. Only one or two cell phones (solar powered) exist on the island, and there's a single dusty television set. Its owner uses it mostly to play Kung Fu movies from a USB stick for the island's kids.

Yet, this is an existential crisis.

To be Vezo, according to some, you have to work on the water.

This place -- and its culture -- could vanish with the reef.

I ask James Paul, a diver who surveys reefs in this area for Blue Ventures, and is Vezo himself, how he handles local conversations about climate change.

It's difficult, he says.

"I tell them just be careful, it's sick. Don't touch it. If you touch it, it's dead quick."

Of course, there are solutions.

But if you're on an island with essentially no carbon footprint there isn't much you can do to prevent global warming -- aside from sharing your story.

Their only real hope is for us to listen.

'We're as good as dead'

I invite Lydia to sit down on a sand dune to talk about all this.

I feel like the prophet of doom.

I tell her that people like me on the other side of the world -- people who are addicted to dirty energy sources, like coal and oil, and who drive around in cars and make things in factories that billow black smoke -- have a hand in turning the coral here white.

Lydia is a master at finding and identifying ocean creatures.

Yes, there are local problems contributing to problems with the coral. The cyclone that almost killed her son destroyed some coral, and overfishing plays a role. But scientists say people like me must change or coral reefs all over the world -- not just here -- will disappear.

She stares at me -- more in disbelief than anger.

Then she laughs, seemingly to cover the discomfort.

"We're as good as dead," she says.

"There'll be no more ocean livelihoods when the coral turns white."

"It scares me, people far away are causing this," she adds, rightly. "It's like they're the ones sending us this heat, which is destroying the coral. So what happens if there's something else they do or make that causes death here?"

She worries about her children. Before Hary's mother died two years ago, some of her kids lived with their grandmother on the mainland so they could attend classes. But after she died the family couldn't afford it, she tells me, so they had to come back to the island. ( School, by the way, costs only $3 per month per child , but the family earns too little.) She wants her children to grow up Vezo -- to know the ocean -- but she also wants them to have options.

Without an education, what other career options will they have?

What happens to them if all the coral turns white?

She turns to our translator and asks a question about me and a CNN videographer.

"So when they go back home, they'll teach people what they've learned here? They'll tell people about what they've seen? They'll tell people this is what life is like in Madagascar?"

She trails off.

"Maybe there are just too many cars where they're from."

I tell her the reason I've come is to tell her story. And that yes, I hope that when people turn on their lights or start their cars or get on airplanes (or, most importantly, vote for public officials who care about this) that they will think about a tiny island in Madagascar.

About people whose lives are threatened by the curse of the white coral.

But, secretly, I worry about those of us causing the curse.

Will we actually care enough to stop?

Side to side

The night after that conversation I wake up with a piercing headache.

I'd been dreaming about swimming down a pristine canal that suddenly turns into an industrial wasteland.

Blue water turns brown and smells of gasoline.

Smoke fills the air.

Nosy Andragnambala is located off the coast of Madagascar, a large island nation in eastern Africa.

When I awake, I realize the smell of gas is real. I unzip the tent and walk into a stiff wind, toward the beach. The horizon glimmers the color of peach, the first sign of dawn.

Where is that smell coming from? I can almost taste the tang of gasoline in my mouth. But how can that be? There are no motors on the island.

Then I see it.

Our boat, with its 25-horsepower Yamaha engine.

We used the motor to cut across the Mozambique Channel to this island in an hour, as opposed to the three or four or five needed to cross by sail. The irony didn't hit me at the time. I figured we would need the motorboat to maximize the reporting we'd do.

We're as good as dead. There'll be no more ocean livelihoods when the coral turns white. Lydia, Nosy Andragnambala

We make these choices by default. Too often, we don't see them or smell them -- don't actually feel the results of our actions. That's particularly true of climate change, since the effects are both diffuse and long term. Our actions now determine the type of world Lydia's great-great-great-great-great grandchildren will inherit. Climate change is sinister that way.

There are signs of progress.

We're moving into the clean-energy era. Technology is helping.

But all this is happening at a glacial pace.

And it doesn't help that US President-elect Donald Trump has threatened to scrap the Paris Agreement, which aims to get the world to ditch fossil fuels and limit warming to 2 degrees Celsius.

Will we do enough to save the coral -- and so many other species?

We depend on them more than we know.

I walk around the boat to get some fresh air, blowing in straight from the sea.

I sit down to watch the sunrise. A flock of birds hold formation in the wind. Crabs with little telescoping eyes skitter side to side in the sand. A hunk of dead coral is at my feet.

We are scheduled to leave Nosy Andragnombala in a day.

The scent of gasoline will evaporate then.

But our mark remains.
====End Article====

====Article #9====
*TITLE: China banned from buying donkeys
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/09/29/africa/china-african-donkeys/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Kieron Monks', 'For Cnn']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) Gelatin produced from donkey hide is a key ingredient of one of China's favorite traditional remedies, known as ejiao, which is used to treat a range of ailments from colds to insomnia.

But as the rising power shifts towards advanced industry and away from traditional agriculture, donkeys are in decline. State statistics show the population has fallen from 11 million to six million over the last 20 years.

China is now increasingly looking to Africa to boost its stocks, and imports donkeys from countries across the continent. But flourishing trade has hit several roadblocks.

Donkeys decimated

Niger recently became the latest African state to ban exports of donkeys, following a surge in sales to China.

Government officials reported that 80,000 animals had been sold in the year to date, compared with 27,000 in 2015, and warned that the donkey population would be "decimated" on current trends.

In August, Burkina Faso took the same step, after 45,000 donkeys were slaughtered in six months from a total population of 1.4 million.

In both cases, the value of donkeys soared and the fledgling industry delivered a valuable stream of foreign currency. But growth came at a cost.

Donkeys transport straw through the district of Niamey, Niger.

Growing pains

Beyond the severe damage to donkey populations, the new industry caused environmental and economic problems.

The spread of abattoirs generated a backlash. In the Burkinabe village of Balole, local farmers reportedly attacked and closed a slaughterhouse in protest at blood and offal leaking into their water supplies.

The donkey boom also attracted farmers from other livestock trades, which suffered as a result, and were also affected by inflation.

"In Niger and Burkina Faso the rising value of donkey hide and meat created inflationary impact in other sectors," says Dr. Emmanuel Igbinoba. "The price of other animals rose because of the donkey, not because there was demand for this animal, which caused imbalance in the economy."

The exporting countries suffered from a lack of regulation, according to Eric Olander, co-founder of the China Africa Project and host of the China in Africa podcast.

"Just as with other livestock, raw materials and other natural resources, the scale of the demand from China is often so large that it can rapidly overwhelm the supply of any single resource," he says. "Governments that trade with China...have an obligation to their people to regulate trade so it does not deplete any single resource to the point where it imposes burdens on their own people."

The traditional remedy ejiao, which uses donkey gelatin, treats a wide range of ailments including colds and insomnia.

Opportunity knocks

China's huge appetite for donkeys does create opportunities that exporters can benefit from with careful planning, says Igbinoba.

"There is steady demand for the gelatin," he says. "If African countries can regulate well, with high standard abattoirs, and train people how to rear these animals, the donkey can be an important source of income."

Burkina has announced plans to regulate donkey sales, but will face competition from continental rivals willing to pick up the slack.

Major economies such as Kenya and South Africa are scaling up their facilities to meet Chinese demand, and a black marke t is also flourishing across the continent.

Chinese demand is expected to increase with a growing consumer class willing to spend on luxury goods such as ejiao.

The challenge for suppliers is to ensure the trade is a blessing rather than a curse.
====End Article====

====Article #10====
*TITLE: Syria Fast Facts
*URL: http://cnn.com/2013/06/18/world/meast/syria-fast-facts/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Cnn Library']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) Syria is a Middle Eastern country sharing a border with Lebanon , Israel , Jordan, Iraq and Turkey.

(from the CIA World Factbook 185,180 sq km, slightly larger than North Dakota

Population: 17,185,170 (July 2016 estimate)

Median age: 24.1 years old

Capital: Damascus

Ethnic Groups: Arab 90.3%, Kurds, Armenians and other 9.7%

Religion: Muslim 87%, Christian 10% and Druze 3%

GDP (purchasing power parity): $55.8 billion (2015 estimate)

GDP per capita: $2,900 (2015 estimate)

Unemployment: 50% (2016 estimate)

Timeline:

1517-1918 - Part of the Ottoman Empire.

1920 - The League of Nations puts Syria under French control.

April 17, 1946 - Independence is declared after French troops leave the country.

1949-1958 - A series of coups leads to instability in the country.

February 1, 1958 - Syria and Syria and Egypt merge, creating the United Arab Republic.

September 28, 1961 - Syria secedes from the United Arab Republic.

1967 - Syria loses the Golan Heights to Israel during the Six Day War.

November 13, 1970 - Minister of Defense Hafez al-Assad stages a bloodless coup.

1976-2005 - Approximately 17,000 Syrian troops are stationed in neighboring Lebanon.

1979-present - Syria appears on the US State Department's list of state sponsors of terrorism.

June 10, 2000 - Hafez al-Assad dies.

July 10, 2000 - Bashar al-Assad is elected president by referendum, winning 97% of the vote. He is re-elected in 2007.

March 2011-present - Civil war in Syria. Civil war in Syria.

June 3, 2014 - President Bashar al-Assad is re-elected, receiving 88.7% of the vote in the country's first election since civil war broke out in 2011. The election is criticized by opposition groups and many Western countries.

September 22-23, 2014 - The US and allies launch airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria for the first time. The US and allies launch airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria for the first time.

May 2015 - ISIS takes control of the ancient city of Palmyra, a UNESCO World Heritage Site dating back 2,000 years, and ISIS takes control of the ancient city of Palmyra, a UNESCO World Heritage Site dating back 2,000 years, and destroys its temples and shrines in the months that follow.
====End Article====

====Article #11====
*TITLE: I was the unpopular kid. Now I'm a parent. Here's what I learned.
*URL: http://cnn.com/2015/10/05/opinions/cupp-being-13-bullying/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['S.E. Cupp']
*ARTICLE: S.E. Cupp is the author of "Losing Our Religion: The Liberal Media's Attack on Christianity," co-author of "Why You're Wrong About the Right" and a columnist at the New York Daily News. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) I moved around a lot as a kid. For me it was always an adventure. It was tough to change schools and continually be the new girl, but I found upside in every new place.

Boston winters were a nice change from Arizona summers. My school in Michigan was the best I ever attended. My ballet classes in Maryland opened a whole new world of training. And with my parents as the supportive constant, no move was ever too challenging.

Until I hit 13. We moved from Maryland to Massachusetts and I came into a new school in the middle of the year.

I'd always made friends fairly easily before. But this was different. The girls had long-formed cliques. The boys were in the middle of puberty and couldn't decide if they wanted to pull your hair or ask you out. High school was on the horizon and no one was going to let this new interloper upset the social dynamic that had been in the works for years. It was the worst four months I'd ever endured.

The pressure to fit in and be popular is as old as Methuselah. (Literally -- it was 969-year-old Methuselah who tried to persuade his people to listen to Noah, his grandson, about the coming flood. It was peer pressure of Biblical proportion.)

The pressure to fit in was why I made my mother buy the knockoff shoes that looked like the ones everyone else was wearing (but that we could afford). It's why I tried to befriend the popular girls who then turned on me in the cafeteria and threatened to beat me up after school. It's why I didn't tell on the boy who threw my science project out the window, in hopes that he'd spare my next effort.

As Marion Underwood and Robert Faris' excellent CNN piece makes clear, the difference now, though, is that the challenge of fitting in today has media amplification.

"Even before the dawn of social media," they write, "adolescents cared deeply about fitting in and were hurt when they felt excluded from face-to-face interactions or by seeing the popular kids hang around together. What is different now is that social media affords frequent opportunities for all teens to see pictures of parties they were not invited to and friends having fun without them, images they would be spared if social media did not exist."

So true. I can't imagine my 13-year-old self, naïve, insecure, earnest and easily-wounded, being equipped to handle today's unwieldy world of social media, where my shoes would have been blasted on Instagram, and my cafeteria incident caught on video and posted to Facebook and my efforts to fit in ridiculed on Snapchat.

But while social media may reach more people (my incidents never had the potential to "go viral") were kids like me any less traumatized by bullies because they had a smaller platform? Were the temptations to fit in any less great? Was being an outsider really any easier?

JUST WATCHED Teens' social secrets go deeper than parents think Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Teens' social secrets go deeper than parents think 02:10

Now that I'm a parent of a 10-month-old son, I'm clinging desperately to the prospect that by the time my little one is an adolescent, something will have changed for the better somehow. But I think that being 13 is always going to be tougher for some kids than others. The choice we have as parents -- especially as parents were either bullies or bullied -- is what kind of kids do we want to raise?

I could be honest and tell you I've had long conversations with my husband about trying to raise a "socially-adept" child, who fits in well, who makes friends, who excels in certain areas so that he isn't the target of bullying. But we've had longer conversations about trying to raise a child who is happy, comfortable, confident and secure, so he knows he is loved and accepted for who he is, regardless of anyone he meets who disagrees.

Looking back on my difficult year, I'm not sure I'd wish I could have been popular. I do wish I'd been a little more secure.

I'm also keenly aware that bullying has become frighteningly easy today. It's anonymous and instantaneous, with tremendous reach. Raising a kid who won't be a bully is far more important to me than raising a kid who will be popular.

I think I'm pretty tough. Mine wouldn't be the best job -- regularly dodging insults not only from social media trolls but also from colleagues with legitimate jobs (and, inexplicably, spouses who love them!) -- if I had thin skin.

There's name calling, of course. There are death threats, sure. But then there's stuff you don't prepare for, like that time a package arrived with bloody chicken parts inside. Or that time a pornographer depicted me in one of his magazines performing a sex act. Or that time Keith Olbermann suggested I should have been aborted. For real.

When we talk about bullying, it's hard to tell young people that all that much changes when you hit adulthood. I think constantly about raising our son in a culture of cyberbullying, cyberstalking, online harassment and general terribleness (and that's among the adults!).

Of course, we're tougher as adults than kids are, so we can handle this with more composure and aplomb. The high-minded mom advice to "just ignore them" rarely solved any problem at 13, but now it does in fact often do the trick.

As difficult as it was at the time, I know that my own adolescence prepared me for an adulthood where the bullying and bad behavior continues. But it's also informing how I plan to raise a child in an era of bullying.

Being 13 today seems totally overwhelming. But it was pretty overwhelming then, too. If I could tell my 13-year-old self one thing then (and what I will tell my future 13-year-old son) it wouldn't necessarily be that it gets better -- adulthood is hard and people are still jerks. It's that you will get better. Better at coping. Better at not caring. Better at negotiating these challenges. Better at loving yourself. Put most simply, better at being you.
====End Article====

====Article #12====
*TITLE: Instant vacation: The best travel photos of 2016
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/01/26/travel/gallery/best-travel-photos-2016/index.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Normandy, France – The abbey at Mont Saint Michel, an island community in Normandy, France, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. About 40 to 50 people live in the medieval walled city, which hosts more than a million tourists each year. High tide turns the abbey into an island. Hide Caption 1 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Midway, Utah – A worker walks through the Ice Castles in Midway, Utah. The public can now tour the complex, which is made of hundreds of thousands of icicles. Hide Caption 2 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Milan, Italy – A tourist boat sails beneath Christmas lights illuminating Darsena dei Navigli, a Milan neighborhood named for the canals that run through it. Hide Caption 3 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Mesr, Iran – Young Iranians have taken to visiting deserts for weekend breaks, including the Mesr, which is about 305 miles (500 kilometers) southeast of Tehran. Hide Caption 4 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Vatnsnes, Iceland – Just off the shore of Vatnsnes peninsula in northwest Iceland stands Hvítserkur, a 15-meter-high monolith that local legend claims is a petrified troll. Hide Caption 5 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Timmendorfer Strand, Germany – Sea gulls take flight at the Baltic Sea beach of Timmendorfer Strand, Germany. Hide Caption 6 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Xingtai City, China – Advection fog, which forms when stable, warm and moist air is blown across a cooler surface, appears in Xingtai City, China. Hide Caption 7 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Rio de Janeiro, Brazil – As Rio de Janeiro temperatures reached 100 degrees Fahrenheit (43.4 degrees Celsius) on December 26, children jumped into the polluted waters of Guanabara Bay to cool off. Hide Caption 8 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Naypyitaw, Myanmar – As the sun sets in Naypyitaw, Myanmar, a fisherman paddles his boat on a lake. Hide Caption 9 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Talesh mountains, Iran – Snow covers wooden cottages in Iran's Talesh mountains, close to the Caspian Sea and some 262 miles (430 kilometers) northeast of Tehran. Villagers leave the cottages during the winter due to the snowfall, coming back in late spring. Hide Caption 10 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Kathmandu, Nepal – A purification ritual gets underway at the newly reconstructed Boudhanath stupa in Kathmandu. The iconic Buddhist temple was partially destroyed in a series of earthquakes that rocked Nepal last year.

Hide Caption 11 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Gaza – A lone figure is silhouetted against a brooding sky in Gaza. The war-torn territory is hoping to build a tourism industry that will make it a travel hub in the Middle East. Hide Caption 12 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Karaman, Turkey – Flocking to the forest. Sheep graze in an autumn forest in the Inonu neighborhood of Karaman, a city in south central Turkey.

Hide Caption 13 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos London, UK – One of London's most popular winter attractions Skate with Fortnum & Mason opens at Somerset House.

Hide Caption 14 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Kriebstein Castle, Germany – Kriebstein Castle -- one of Germany's most distinctive medieval fortresses -- is reflected in the still water of an autumn puddle. Hide Caption 15 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Amritsar, India – Indian Sikh devotees arrive in the early morning to the Golden Temple in Amritsar to mark the 547th anniversary of the birth of Guru Nanak, the founder of Sikhism.

Hide Caption 16 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Washington D.C. – Fall guy. A photographer stops to capture the early morning ground fog on the National Mall in Washington.

Hide Caption 17 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Chiang Mai, Thailand – Thousands of paper lanterns rise above Chiang Mai, Thailand, to mark the annual Yi Peng festival. Authorities in Thailand have eased curbs on celebrations following a strict mourning period for late King Bhumibol Adulyadej. Hide Caption 18 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Nagoya Castle, Japan – Nagoya Castle in Japan is illuminated in blue to mark World Diabetes Day on November 14, 2016.

Hide Caption 19 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Glen Etive, Scotland – Monarch of the Glen. A Scottish red deer grazes in Glen Etive following the end of the rutting season. Stags bellow to compete for mates in the Scottish Highlands, but need to spend winter feeding to regain strength for the following season.

Hide Caption 20 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Maobatang, China – Tourists visit an ancient ginkgo tree in Maobatang Village, Xuan'en County of central China's Hubei Province. Revered for its beauty and longevity, the ginkgo tree is regarded by botanists as a living fossil.

Hide Caption 21 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos St Petersburg, Russia – A projection is mapped onto the facade of St Isaac's Cathedral in St Petersburg. The Orthodox cathedral's 21.8 meter dome dominates the skyline of the Russian city.

Hide Caption 22 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Seljalandsfoss, Iceland – The waters of Seljalandsfoss Waterfall cascade over a cave mouth in Iceland. One of Iceland's premier attractions, the falls allow visitors to observe the Northern Lights through a screen of falling water.

Hide Caption 23 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Antarctica – An Antarctic mountain stands in stark relief against the wastes of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet. NASA's Operation Ice Bridge is gauging the rate of decline of ice cover caused by global warming.

Hide Caption 24 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Gansu, China – Tourists ride camels at Yueya Spring, a crescent-shaped lake in an oasis surrounded by sand dunes in Gansu Province, China. The lake is believed to be more than 2,000 years old. Hide Caption 25 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Hallstatt, Austria – The picturesque Austrian village of Hallstatt, in a UNESCO World Heritage region, is beautiful underneath as well as on the surface. There is a subterranean salt lake in the village's ancient salt mines. Hide Caption 26 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Sellin, Germany – The pier of Sellin, on the German island of Rügen, is lit in pink for the UN International Day of the Girl Child on October 11. Sellin is a long-standing Baltic spa town. Hide Caption 27 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Seoul – Visitors fool around at Seoul's Trick Eye Museum, a gallery specializing in "trompe l'oeil" artworks. The museum opens until 9 p.m., making it a popular spot for dates and evenings out. Hide Caption 28 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Paris – A couple dance at sunrise on Trocadero Plaza in front of the Eiffel tower. The tower celebrated its 127th anniversary in 2016. Hide Caption 29 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Kuala Lumpur – Malaysian ethnic Chinese celebrate the Taoist Nine Emperor Gods Festival in Kuala Lumpur. The nine-day event is celebrated across southeast Asia and took place from October 1 to 9.

Hide Caption 30 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Timmendorf, Germany – Timmendorf is a town on the northern German island of Poel, in the Baltic Sea. It has a small harbor and a one-kilometer-long sandy beach. Hide Caption 31 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Wadi Rum, Jordan – Wadi Rum in Jordan is a desert wilderness and UNESCO World Heritage Site renowned for its sandstone mountains and natural stone arches. Hide Caption 32 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Uluwatu, Bali – Uluwatu beach in Bali is one of the world's top surf destinations. The nearby temple Pura Luhur Ulu Watu, perched on cliffs on the southwest peninsula, is also a popular attraction. Hide Caption 33 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Istanbul, Turkey – Eid Al-Adha is a festival of fun as well as significant day in the Muslim calendar. In Istanbul, it's an excuse to hit the rides, including this colorful retro swing spinner, at an amusement park. Hide Caption 34 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Dal Lake, Indian-controlled Kashmir – Lake Dal is one of the main attractions of Srinigar in the Himalayan region of Kashmir. Houseboats offering overnight accommodation to tourists are said to be the highlight of many visits. Hide Caption 35 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos London, UK – Britain's vote to leave the European Union may have created uncertainty at home, but favorable exchange rates have made it more affordable. And whatever happens, the London Eye continues to revolve, offering amazing views of the River Thames. Hide Caption 36 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Macau, China – We'll always have ... Macau. This replica of the Eiffel Tower, exploding with fireworks, is part of The Parisian, a new Sands mega resort in the southern Chinese territory that's already a popular destination for gambling in Asia. Hide Caption 37 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Sitges, Catalonia, Spain – Infernal scenes are the attraction at this festival in Sitges in Catelonia, Spain. The annual event sees people dressed as devils taking part in displays involving fireworks, fire eating and flaming torches. Hide Caption 38 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Hefei, China – This glowing turtle looks like something straight out of a Pixar animation. It's actually a resident at an ocean park in Hefei, in China's eastern Anhui Province. The park is a popular destination during holidays like the recent Mid-Autumn Moon Festival, which celebrates harvest time. Hide Caption 39 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Anzali, Iran – Doesn't matter where you are in the world, kids will always love slides -- and beaches. This stretch of sand near Anzali Port, northern Iran, looks out over the Caspian Sea, the world's largest inland body of water. Hide Caption 40 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Masai Mara, Kenya – Three awesome experiences in one photo: A hot air balloon ride. The stunning sweep of Kenya's Masai Mara game reserve. And the annual wildebeest migration. Hide Caption 41 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Suining, China – Looks like everyone had the same idea about cooling off in Suining in China's Sichuan province. The area's "Dead Sea" tourist resort saw more than 6,000 people cram into its swimming pool as high summer temperatures triggered an "orange" alert health warning. Hide Caption 42 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Milan, Italy – Milan might be one of the most fashion-conscious places on the planet, but it still has space for art and architecture. In addition to an extensive collection of 20th-century art, the city's 900 Museum also offers great views of the Duomo di Milano Gothic cathedral. Hide Caption 43 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Bristol, England – More than 150 hot air balloons from around the world gathered for the 38th annual Bristol International Balloon Fiesta in southwest England. The event attracted about half a million spectators from as far afield as Latvia and Thailand. Hide Caption 44 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Rio de Janeiro, Brazil – Not everyone in Rio is swept up in Olympic fever. In the run-up to the Olympic Games, this sunbather seems content to take it easy on the city's Copacabana beach. Hide Caption 45 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Sera, Japan – Few things say summer quite like a sea of sunflowers. This field is part of the Serakogen Nojo flower farm in Sera, Japan, where a million-plus tall flowers are blooming during its annual sunflower festival held through August 20. Hide Caption 46 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Sucre, Bolivia – Some 68 million years after dinosaurs roamed what is now Sucre in Bolivia, visitors can walk almost in their footprints. The area's Cal Orck'o Cretaceous Park has one of the world's largest collections of dino prints, with more than 5,000 left by 15 different species. Hide Caption 47 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Madrid, Spain – This display of water sports is one way to cool off in Madrid. This fountain next to the Spanish capital's Manzanares River is a popular destination during a day of scorching summer temperatures. Hide Caption 48 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Juneau, Alaska – Alaska's state capital, Juneau, lies between sea and mountains and is a jumping-off point for exploring both. These kayakers are navigating waters off Douglas Island. In the distance, the 13-mile long Mendenhall Glacier is a popular hiking destination. Hide Caption 49 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Paris, France – The French capital has endured a tough time recently, with visitor numbers falling sharply. Tourists who travel to Paris are still rewarded by the sights of one of the world's greatest cities -- including Notre Dame Cathedral. Less rewarding, perhaps, are encounters with local pigeons. Hide Caption 50 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Vancouver, Canada – Painted walls are a familiar sight in the Canadian city of Vancouver. To commemorate the 150th birthday of the province of British Columbia, the city in 2008 began a program to encourage street art. Today, visitors can join one of four mural tours. Hide Caption 51 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Athens, Greece – Not all classic hilltop views in Athens involve the Acropolis. Nearby Areios Pagos, a rocky outcrop overlooked by the ancient citadel, is also popular with tourists, particularly during the city's frequently spectacular sunsets. Hide Caption 52 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Zhangjiajie, China – China's Tianmen Shan cable car is one of the longest cable-car rides in the world, covering a distance of 7,455 meters (24,459 feet) and ascending to 1,279 meters (4,196 feet). The car runs from Zhangjiajie railway station up to the top of Tianmen Shan, which translates as Heaven's Gate Mountain. Hide Caption 53 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos New York – The Macy's Fourth of July fireworks display is the biggest in the United States. This year's 25-minute display featured dynamic pyro effects that were fired from five barges on the East River. Hide Caption 54 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Barcelona, Spain – Barcelona is a European city break that offers great food, culture, nightlife and beaches. But as this shot of Barceloneta beach shows, it can get a little crowded. Hide Caption 55 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Mount Damavand, Iran – In July, a group of French and Iranian climbers ascended Iran's highest peak, Mount Damavand, as a way of building closer scientific ties between the two countries and to promote Iranian tourism. The mountain is 5,671 meters tall (18,606 feet). Hide Caption 56 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Montreux, Switzerland – Montreux, whose annual jazz festival finished on July 16, is a Swiss resort town on the edge of Lake Geneva. It's within easy access of the Dents du Midi (pictured), a mountain in the Chablais Alps with seven summits. Hide Caption 57 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Pamplona, Spain – Spectators watch from balconies during the annual "running of the bulls." Hide Caption 58 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Assam, India – In the rural South Kamrup district, villagers from Meghalaya state cross a bridge over the Shree river to visit a weekly market in Ukiam. Hide Caption 59 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Paris – The latest installation from French street artist JR sees the Louvre "disappear" under a trompe l'oeil photographic collage. Hide Caption 60 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Shanghai, China – This aerial photo shows Shanghai Disneyland before it opened to the public in June. Shanghai's municipal government had already issued an etiquette guide for visitors. Hide Caption 61 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Magelang, Indonesia – Lanterns are released into the air at Borobudur temple during the Buddhist festival of Vesak in Magelang, Indonesia. The day marks the birth, enlightenment and death of Gautama Buddha, founder of Buddhism. Hide Caption 62 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Lisbon – The interior of Pullmantur Cruises' MS Monarch is seen at Santa Apolonia Cruise Terminal in Lisbon during the ship's inaugural trip to Europe. The cruise ship holds up to 2,744 passengers. Hide Caption 63 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Gold Coast, Australia – Whale sightings are common along Australia's east coast during the months of May to November as the animals travel north to breed in warmer waters. Hide Caption 64 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Lefkada, Greece – Porto Katsiki on the island of Lefkada is one of Greece's most stunning beaches. It's only accessible by 80 steep steps leading down the side of a cliff. Hide Caption 65 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Chandipur, India – Chandipur -- also known as Chandipur-on-sea -- is a small sea resort in India's Odisha's Baliswar District. It's on the Bay of Bengal, the largest bay in the world by area. Hide Caption 66 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Sydney – A tree is lit up during the "Garden of Light" display at the Royal Botanic Garden as part of Vivid Sydney, a 23-day festival of "light, music and ideas." Hide Caption 67 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Jerusalem – A view from the top of Damascus Gate, one of the main entrances to Jerusalem's Old City. The present gate was built in 1537 under the rule of Suleiman the Magnificent. Hide Caption 68 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Praslin, Seychelles – Ferry passengers watch the sun set as they leave the island of Praslin in the Seychelles. Praslin's Anse Lazio was recently named the fourth-best beach in the world by TripAdvisor. Hide Caption 69 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Beirut, Lebanon – Naima Yazbek, a Lebanese-Brazilian belly dancer, performs at a party. Beirut staged its first-ever Cultural Festival in May. Hide Caption 70 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Tel Aviv, Israel – Beachgoers stand still on May 11 as they observe two minutes of silence to mark Israel's annual Memorial Day for fallen soldiers. Hide Caption 71 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Madrid – The ancient Temple of Debod originally stood near Aswan in southern Egypt. In 1968, it was dismantled and relocated to Madrid as a donation to Spain from the Egyptian state. Hide Caption 72 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Paris – The Eiffel Tower is seen through a grille in wooden panels surrounding a construction site. The iconic tourist attraction finished in 14th place in TripAdvisor's 2016 list of the world's most-beloved landmarks. Hide Caption 73 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Grindavik, Iceland – A woman floats in the Blue Lagoon, a geothermal spa and one of Iceland's most popular attractions. The water's temperature averages 37-39 degrees Celsius (98.6-102.2 Fahrenheit). Hide Caption 74 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Beijing – A 33-meter-long glass viewing platform opened in Beijing's Shilinxia Scenic Area on April 30. It overlooks a 1,300-foot-deep valley. Hide Caption 75 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos New York City – The neo-Gothic Saint Patrick's Cathedral is New York's most celebrated Roman Catholic church, but this nun spent part of a recent sunny day in Times Square. Hide Caption 76 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Lisbon, Portugal – The steam-powered Santa Justa Lift was inaugurated in 1902. From the top, it offers 360-degree views of the city's Old Town and surrounding hills. Hide Caption 77 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Hanover, Germany – Hanover's International Neuroscience Institute (INI) was built to mark the Expo 2000 world's fair. It was designed to resemble the human brain. Hide Caption 78 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Panama City Beach, Florida – Panama City Beach has an average of 320 days of sunshine per year: plenty of chances to explore its 27 miles of white-sand beaches. Hide Caption 79 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Havana – On May 2, the Adonia became the first U.S. cruise ship in nearly 40 years to arrive in Cuba. The Carnival vessel carried approximately 700 passengers on its trip from Miami to Havana. Hide Caption 80 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Singapore – Future World is the new permanent exhibition at Marina Bay Sands. The interactive digital installation pictured was created by teamLab and is titled "Crystal Universe." Hide Caption 81 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Cappadocia, Turkey – Hot-air ballooning is a popular tourist activity in Cappadocia, a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Central Anatolia. The area is characterized by a distinctive volcanic landscape and large network of ancient underground dwellings. Hide Caption 82 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Nikko, Japan – Tobu World Square theme park contains more than 100 1:25 scale models of famous landmarks, including Egypt's Great Sphinx. It's also populated with 140,000 miniature people. Hide Caption 83 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Oak Grove, Kentucky – Oak Grove is a small city in the Bluegrass State, known for its hot, humid summers. Canola fields were in bloom when this shot was taken at Bob Calvey's salvage yard in April. Hide Caption 84 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos The Dead Sea, Israel – Perhaps the world's most famous salt lake, the Dead Sea is nearly 10 times as salty as ocean water. The density helps swimmers float with ease. Hide Caption 85 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Merida, Venezuela – Travelers got a great view from La Montana -- the first station of the newly refurbished Mukumbari cable car system, which reopened in April for the first time since 2008. Hide Caption 86 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Tbilisi, Georgia – Tbilisi's newest attractions are in the heart of the city's Old Town. Rike Park opened in 2010 and is dominated by the futuristic Concert Hall and Exhibition Center, designed by Massimiliano Fuksas. Hide Caption 87 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Gauhati, India – Face smeared with colored powder, a reveler dances during celebrations marking Holi, the Hindu festival of colors. This year the festival fell on March 24. Hide Caption 88 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Phuket, Thailand – Tourists take pictures at Mai Khao Beach as a plane approaches Phuket International Airport. In March, Reuters reported that the Tourism Authority of Thailand hopes to clean up the country's reputation by launching a campaign to attract "quality tourism." Hide Caption 89 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Milan, Italy – A retrospective of Catalan artist Joan Miro, featuring more than 100 of his works, opened at Milan's Mudec museum on March 25 and will run until September 11, 2016. Hide Caption 90 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Havana, Cuba – Musician Frilal Ortiz carries a double bass through downtown Havana. In March, Barack Obama became the first U.S. president to visit Cuba since Calvin Coolidge stopped by in 1928. Hide Caption 91 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Dhaka, Bangladesh – The lakefront district of Hatirjheel is a place where children like to cool off. Legend says in the days of the Mughal Empire royal elephants would bathe in the marshlands here. Hide Caption 92 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Los Angeles – Celebrities aren't the only stars you can spot in Los Angeles. Visitors can sky-gaze at Griffin Observatory and also take in spectacular views of the Los Angeles Basin. Hide Caption 93 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Changsha, China – It's not just Japan -- China loves its cherry blossoms, too. This Cherry Blossom Festival was held in Hunan Forest Botanical Garden in March 2016. Hide Caption 94 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Budapest, Hungary – St. Stephen Basilica is a Roman Catholic church named in honor of Stephen, the first king of Hungary. A relic said to be his right hand is on display in the reliquary. Hide Caption 95 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Atlanta – A spell of warm March weather brought out sunbathers. Landlocked Atlanta gets hot in summer, but there are plenty of outdoor activities centered around the Chattahoochee River. Hide Caption 96 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos London – Two London icons: a red double-decker bus and Big Ben bell tower at the Palace of Westminster, the UK's seat of government. Hide Caption 97 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Singapore – In addition to its stellar observation tower, Singapore's opulent Marina Bay Sands resort is home to a hotel, casino and infinity pool 55 stories above the ground. Hide Caption 98 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Rio de Janeiro – Rio's Copacabana Beach is one of the most famous in the world. It hosted the FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup from 1995 to 2007. Hide Caption 99 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Dresden, Germany – Dresden's Gemaldegalerie Alte Meister (Old Masters Picture Gallery) reopened at the end of February. It's part of Staatliche Kunstsammlungen Dresden (Dresden State Art Collections) and features works including Correggio's "Holy Night," Cranach's "St. Catherine Altar" and Raphael's "The Sistine Madonna" (pictured). Hide Caption 100 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Berkeley, California – Looking west, the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz Island can be seen across the bay from Berkeley. The bridge links San Francisco to Marin County. Hide Caption 101 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Kolkata, India – A bride has makeup applied before the start of a daylong mass marriage ceremony featuring 150 Hindu, Muslim and Christian couples from villages across the state. Hide Caption 102 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Jersey City, New Jersey – The Statue of Liberty, as seen from Jersey City's upmarket Port Liberte neighborhood. Hide Caption 103 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Beijing – Acrobats perform in Beijing's Longtan Park during Lunar New Year celebrations in February. This is the Year of the Monkey. Hide Caption 104 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Madhya Pradesh, India – The serene forests of Kanha National Park are said to have inspired Rudyard Kipling's children's classic "The Jungle Book," which was published in 1894 and made into a Disney film in 1967. Hide Caption 105 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Pathum Thani, Thailand – Buddhist monks gather outside Wat Phra Dhammakaya temple as part of Makha Bucha ceremonies. Makha Bucha marks the anniversary of Buddha's sermon that established the basic tenets of the Sangha monastic order. Hide Caption 106 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Sao Paulo, Brazil – A worker trims a hedge in Sao Paulo. The city's largest park is Parque do Ibirapuera, home to a museum of modern art and a museum of Brazil's African history. Hide Caption 107 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Shanghai, China – Workers clean the Shanghai World Financial Center in the financial district of Pudong. Shanghai Tower is seen at the top of the picture, and Jin Mao Tower is to the left. Hide Caption 108 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Liwa, United Arab Emirates – Moreeb Dune is one of the tallest hill climbs in the world. That's why thrill-seekers from across the Gulf region come to the Liwa Desert in January for the Moreeb Dune Festival. Races are held for cars, bikes, falcons, camels and horses. Hide Caption 109 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Berlin – An Italian exhibitor hangs up salami at the Green Week agricultural trade food fair, which ran from January 15-24. The fair attracts more than 400,000 visitors each year. Hide Caption 110 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Amritsar, India – A farmer walks through his fields on the outskirts of Amritsar. Fog is common in the region in winter, with average January low temperatures reaching 5 degrees Celsius (41 degrees Fahrenheit). Hide Caption 111 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Belfast, Northern Ireland – Starlings fly around "Rise," a metal sculpture by UK-based artist Wolfgang Buttress. The sculpture has stood on the Broadway roundabout in Belfast since 2011. Hide Caption 112 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Milan, Italy – There are 19 tram lines in Milan. But for good views of the city and a chance to ride on one of the vintage trams -- all wooden benches and retro stylings -- the best option is Line 1. Hide Caption 113 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Antalya, Turkey – In April, the Mediterranean resort city of Antalya will host the botanic exhibition Expo 2016 Hide Caption 114 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Zhaosu County, China – Zhaosu County is known as China's "horse country." Horseback riding is an important part of the culture of the Kazakh people, who make up nearly 50% of the region's population. Hide Caption 115 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Kolkata, India – A Hindu pilgrim hangs out saris to dry after taking part in the annual holy dip at Sagar Island on January 14. The event is part of the Makar Sankranti festival, which is celebrated through India, Nepal and Bangladesh.

Hide Caption 116 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Adelaide, Australia – A water slide at the Beachouse entertainment center provides relief in early January. Later in the month, severe thunderstorms hit the region, leaving more than 20,000 properties without power. Hide Caption 117 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos Chicago – Chicago has more than 100 recognized neighborhoods containing at least 60 museums and 700 works of public art (which are more easily seen by day). Hide Caption 118 of 120

Photos: Instant vacation: The world's best travel photos London – Workers in London cross the Millennium Footbridge, which links St. Paul's Cathedral on the north bank with the Tate Modern art gallery on the south. Hide Caption 119 of 120
====End Article====

====Article #13====
*TITLE: House Freedom Caucus set to unveil Obamacare repeal and replace plan
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/07/politics/house-freedom-caucus-obamacare-repeal-replace/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Deirdre Walsh', 'Cnn Senior Congressional Producer']
*ARTICLE: Story highlights South Carolina Rep. Mark Sanford is taking the lead on the new legislation

Some Republicans have expressed frustration with the lack of more immediate action

(CNN) Members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus are developing their own legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare and plan to unveil it as early as next week.

Rep. Mark Meadows, R-North Carolina told reporters the proposal currently being drafted takes much of the language from a 2015 GOP measure to dismantle the health care law that Congress passed but was vetoed by then-President Barack Obama. "It echoes a repeal and a replacement at the same time."

Hill Republicans have struggled in recent weeks to get on the same page for how they plan to roll back Obamacare and create a new system, while still addressing concerns from voters about disruptions in insurance coverage during a transition period.

This latest effort will add pressure on leaders from those on the right, who have expressed frustration with the lack of more immediate action on a central 2016 campaign promise. President Donald Trump added to the confusion over the weekend when he told Fox News that his effort to get rid of the law and stand up a new health care system could spill into next year.

"We're going to be putting it in fairly soon, I think that -- yes, I would like to say by the end of the year at least the rudiments but we should have something within the year and the following year," Trump said.

Read More
====End Article====

====Article #14====
*TITLE: The week in politics
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/01/29/politics/gallery/week-in-politics-0129/index.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Hameed Khalid Darweesh, left, during a press conference with Congresswoman Nydia Velazquez on Saturday, January 28, at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport. Darweesh has worked with the US military in Iraq and was granted a visa to come to the US but was detained upon arrival. He was released Saturday afternoon, but many other recent arrivals are still being detained . See the faces of those affected by President Trump's travel ban
====End Article====

====Article #15====
*TITLE: #FlyToFreedom: You can help end modern slavery
*URL: http://cnn.com/2015/10/21/world/fly-to-freedom-end-slavery/index.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: (CNN) You might think slavery is a thing of the past, but it's all around us.

There are between 20 million and 36 million slaves in the world right now, including 5.5 million children. The CNN Freedom Project has been shining a spotlight on the horrors of modern slavery, but now we need your help. We want you to join our #campaign to help fight slavery.

Help us end slavery:

We're asking you to:

1) Make a paper plane.

2) Write a pledge on the plane -- something you're going to do to help fight modern slavery.

3) Show us your plane and pledge on social media using the hashtag #FlyToFreedom.

4) Nominate two friends to do the same by tagging them in your social media post.

Your planes and pledges could be featured on CNN.com and in a special video on CNN International TV.

Your pledge can make a difference

Here are some examples of pledges you could make:

"I will donate to an anti-trafficking charity."

Go to Go to cnn.com/freedomcharities to see just some of the charities working in this field.

"The next gift I buy will be slavery free."

You can find out more about forced labor in the supply chain at Fairtrade, You can find out more about forced labor in the supply chain at slaveryfootprint.org Fair Trade USA and GoodWeave are among the organizations that certify that products are slavery free.

- "I will ask my government representative what they are doing to end slavery."

Or you can come up with your own pledge -- whatever you think you can do to help.

Please take a few minutes to join us. Together, let's show the world that it's time to end slavery.

@CNNFreedom. Follow the #FlyToFreedom initiative at
====End Article====

====Article #16====
*TITLE: The forgotten victims of gun violence
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/08/12/health/gun-violence-forgotten-victims/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Stories Jessica Ravitz', 'Wayne Drash', 'Cnn Videos Matthew Gannon', 'Christine Mauser', 'Levi Mohler', 'Tre Bosley']
*ARTICLE: 'Too afraid to ask'

A brother's death at Columbine, 1999

Left alone with her parents, Christine Mauser worked hard not to fall apart. If she had to, she tried to do it alone. She couldn't have them worrying about her.

Sometimes she'd overhear them losing it in the next room. She didn't have the words to comfort them and feared that anything she'd say would make matters worse. So she sat frozen, wracked with guilt for ignoring their cries. On occasion, though, she allowed herself to turn angry. She was holding it together, why couldn't they?

Christine was only 13 when the quiet and exceedingly normal life she and her family enjoyed in Littleton, Colorado, shattered.

On April 20, 1999, two heavily armed students went on a shooting rampage at Columbine High School. They murdered 13 people and wounded two dozen others before killing themselves. Among the dead, gunned down in the school library, was Daniel Mauser , Christine's older brother, at the time her only sibling. He was 15.

Nearly two decades have passed. Christine, now 30 and living in Beaverton, Oregon, struggles to remember the sound of Daniel's voice; their shared moments and conversations only come to her in snippets. But the memories surrounding the school shooting that robbed her of her innocence? Those will never go away.

Seventh-grade Spanish was letting out when an administrator at her middle school herded Christine and her classmates back into their classroom. It had to do with something that was happening at the nearby high school, though no one would say more.

"We were entering something they called 'lockdown,'" she says. "I don't recall any of us having any idea what that meant."

The longer they waited, the more questions the students had. Eventually the teacher turned on the television. With the rest of America, Christine and her classmates watched the breaking news with confusion. She saw students being escorted out of the high school. The details from inside were still a mystery.

Christine Mauser says she and Daniel loved each other despite their differences.

"There could be up to 20 fatalities," Christine remembers her mom saying hours later, when she was picked up at school. "I didn't know if fatalities meant deaths or injuries, and I was too afraid to ask."

The house filled with neighbors and family friends. She remembers her father making repeated drives to the high school, desperate to pick up his son. Returning from one of his last trips, he dissolved into screams and tears. A terrified Christine was whisked off to stay the night two doors down.

The neighbors set out to distract her. They ordered pizza and turned on movies. Though it became harder to do so as the hours passed, she tried to convince herself that Daniel was just hiding in a closet, too afraid to come out.

Daniel was the more introverted of the two Mauser children. He was a voracious reader who loved science and math. He ran cross-country and was in both the debate and chess clubs. He was "coming into his own," Christine says, and at the time of his death was earning straight As.

Unlike her brother, who didn't like to be filmed or photographed, Christine was into acting and enjoyed being on stage. She surrounded herself with a bigger group of friends than he did. They bickered, as siblings do, and she admits she could be the annoying little sister. She laughs remembering the time she recorded him talking to friends, and then passed over the evidence so her parents could hear him saying bad words.

No matter their differences, they loved each other. Photos from their childhood reveal two towheads, laughing beside one another.

Reality hit the next day around noon, when officials showed up at the family home.

"They told us my brother was among the dead," Christine says. "I don't really remember anything they said after that."

In an instant, she became an only child. It was a role she hated, not least of all because she couldn't bear to see her parents in so much pain. For a while, she insisted that a friend sleep over every night.

"It sounds horrible, but you almost don't want to be alone with your parents," she says, "because watching them go through that is the worst thing in the world."

Her father, Tom Mauser, doesn't remember how he and his wife spoke to Christine during this time, but he knows they struggled.

"It was a major problem for us," he says. "It's not something you're prepared for. ... I don't think I had the words or knew how to counsel her."

Plus, they felt like the world had crashed on their shoulders. They had a child who was still alive, thank God, and turned their focus to their grief.

At first the kids in school showered her with kindness -- even stuffed animals. But they couldn't really look her in the eye. Truth is, she didn't want them to. She had changed overnight.

"I remember just how awkward I felt, and how different I felt," she says.

And in middle school, being different can mean trouble.

There were students who stared, watching her every move. If she cracked a joke or laughed in a desperate attempt to feel human, they looked at her stunned. On field trips, if the school bus rolled past Columbine High, their heads whipped around to monitor her reaction. She refused to be a mess in front of them, but the more she tried to act normal, the weirder she seemed -- which only increased the gawking, her anxiety and, eventually, their bullying.

She withdrew from others and gave up the stage. After Columbine, the last thing she wanted was to be the center of attention.

It wasn't that she was "all sunshine and rainbows" before her brother's killing, but she emerged someone else. Irrational fears consumed her, as did an obsession with death. Like many children who lose a sibling, she convinced herself she wouldn't live beyond the age her brother died.

'Concentric circles of pain' The trauma of losing a sibling to gun violence can arrest emotional and physical development. It can also complicate or delay grief. One expert describes how surviving siblings are affected -- and how friends and family can help.

She knew her concerns were illogical and didn't want to alarm anyone, so she kept her dark thoughts to herself. Still, rumors circulated at school that she was going to kill herself.

Christine couldn't articulate what she needed and wanted. Sometimes she felt like she and her parents walked around their house on eggshells.

Her mother, an introvert like Daniel, often retreated. Her father became an activist, rallying for better background checks and protesting the National Rifle Association. While she was proud of his work, it brought new forms of unwanted attention. She answered the phone when the first hate call came in and was cussed out by a stranger.

Some kids at school lectured her about the Second Amendment and told her what her dad was doing was wrong.

"I was so taken aback I just didn't know what to say."

Near the end of middle school, when being there became unbearable, she was pulled out and home schooled for the rest of the year. There was no way she could attend Columbine High, so she was given a special provision to attend high school outside the district. She craved anonymity. She needed people to know her for who she was -- and not for what her family had been through. By 17, she says she began to find her footing again.

A big part in helping Christine and her family was Madeline, the 11-month-old baby they adopted from China a little more than a year after they lost Daniel. When her parents first proposed the idea of adoption, Christine was immediately on board.

Madeline proved a bright light in the darkness, a needed bundle of pure joy.

"We still felt a lot of the same pain and heartache and everything like that, but she was kind of just a different force," Christine says. "I was so grateful to have her there and to be a big sister."

They told us my brother was among the dead. I don't really remember anything they said after that. Christine Mauser

No matter the positive forces and the years, however, Columbine doesn't go away.

A book by one of the gunman's mothers was released this year. Random Facebook friend requests pop up from people she calls "Columbine groupies." She ignores them all, but feels sickened by those who use images of the killers as their profile photos.

Though married and a stepmother, she recalls those awkward moments from her single days when dates -- having Googled her -- would bring up Columbine. This piece of her past also resurfaces in a flood of emotions every time there's another school shooting. After the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School, she couldn't eat for days.

When her stepdaughter, Bethany, mentioned having "intruder training" at school, she held her tongue. The 9-year-old explained it was done in case "a robber comes to your school." Christine didn't have the heart to tell her the truth.

Christine still holds onto Daniel's copy of J.D. Salinger's "The Catcher in the Rye." It's stamped in the back with "English Resource Center Columbine High School." She didn't go to that school, nor does her sister Madeline, who's now 16. All these years later, her parents still can't bear to pick up a child there.

Her brother has been gone longer than he was here, and Christine feels as if she's lived two lives. She's not who she was when she lost him. When she sees adult siblings being best friends, she can't help but feel a bit bitter. She can't help but wonder what might have been had Daniel lived.

-- Jessica Ravitz, CNN

JUST WATCHED Brooklynn was 'the bridge' between us Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Brooklynn was 'the bridge' between us 03:08

'She never fell in love'

A sister's accidental shooting death, 2013

Upstairs, Madisson "Madi" Mohler sits in her new room, the very one that belonged to her big sister, Brooklynn. She only moved in a few months ago and around her are reminders of who she lost.

Barbies Brooklynn once collected line shelves above the bed, right near her dangling dream catcher. There's the poster of puppies the animal-lover wouldn't leave Target without owning. Butterflies, wind chimes and pompoms are strung across the ceiling.

And by the window is Brooklynn's bulletin board, crowded with a collection of inspirational sayings she jotted down not long before she died.

"Add life to your days, not days to your life," reads one. "Don't give up," says another. "I'd rather have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs,'" reads a third.

These notes, most now faded by the sun and time, turned out to be a gift to her family. It was one they desperately needed because nothing could have prepared them for what took Brooklynn away.

Three years ago, Brooklynn was at her best friend's house when her friend began messing with an unsecured 9 mm Glock. As Brooklynn walked away, a response she'd been taught, the gun fired. A bullet tore through her spine before puncturing her lung and then her heart. She died soon after. She had just turned 13.

"I looked up to her like she was a hero," says Madi, who was only 9 at the time.

Levi and Madi Mohler say Brooklynn, left, was the bridge between them.

Brooklynn often played teacher in their Henderson, Nevada, home, and Madi was happy to be her student. She remembers being schooled on vowels and similes. Her big sister liked Carrie Underwood, so she did, too. They competed with each other in the Wii game "Just Dance." Both gymnasts, Brooklynn insisted Madi do conditioning exercises during TV commercials. Madi did as she was told, launching into quick workouts or dropping into splits.

Madi was with her dad and one of his friends when they went to pick up Brooklynn from her friend's house. She knew something was wrong; her father went inside, which was strange, and then an ambulance pulled up. A police officer arrived and told her dad's friend to take Madi away. She thought someone had broken an arm or something.

A while later, her aunt took Madi to the hospital.

"I remember going into the lobby and my dad had to tell me and [my brother] what happened," Madi says. "My mom was in a separate room called 'the quiet room' and my aunt ran in there and I just heard crying and screaming."

The house then filled with family and tears. She was overwhelmed and not sure what to make of it all. An uncle bought Madi a cake pop maker to keep her occupied. When she ran out of ingredients, someone screamed to go buy her more. So she dutifully kept making those cake pops. Madi, now 13, laughs, saying she made "too many to remember."

Too old to be distracted by cake pops was Levi, the only son. He was 16. Now 19 and in college, he still struggles with blaming himself.

"I always felt it was my job to keep her safe. And when that happened, I just felt destroyed," he says. "I could've prevented it."

When some boys were picking on Brooklynn in middle school, Levi showed up to escort her home and scare them off. When she once wanted to walk to Taco Bell with a friend while wearing a swimsuit, he was quick to shut that idea down. She never got in trouble, and he jokes that he "set the example of what not to do."

More on Guns in America The other gun lobby

They are, sadly, growing in number: Americans devastated by gun violence. The connections they've forged are strong. But can they defeat the NRA? The loneliest club

They are survivors of gun violence. But they also share a conviction: to use the worst days of their lives to make America a safer place. The massacre that didn't happen

The case against 11th grader John LaDue looked like a slam dunk. Bomb-making material in a storage locker. A confession. An arsenal in his bedroom. But the case would turn out to be anything but simple. Can cities stop the bloodshed?

Savannah, Georgia, and Richmond, California: Two cities on opposite sides of the country, each with a history of homicides and different approaches to ending the violence. See what's working and what isn't in this two-part series. The story in charts and graphs

Guns per capita by country. Background checks by month. Deaths by terrorism vs. gun violence. See the visual story of gun violence in America.

Levi didn't like Brooklynn's friend, the one who accidentally fired the gun. From the moment he met her, he says, there was something about that girl he didn't trust. Maybe, instead of going to her house after school that day, he could have insisted Brooklynn come home with him?

When he heard she'd been shot, he thought to himself, "Oh, we're going to joke about this 10 years from now." On the way to the hospital, he imagined showing his kids Aunt Brooklynn's little scar from that crazy time she took a bullet.

But after his trot into the hospital turned into a run and he rounded the corner to see his father, he backed against a wall and sunk to the floor. The last time Levi had seen his dad cry like this was after they put down their German shepherd, Baron.

Back home, he remembers their mother holing up in her bedroom as people streamed in and out to see her. He retreated to his own room, where the thought of food or drink made him sick.

When he emerged, he says he felt like he had to be strong for his mom and Madi. Sometimes he'd just hold his mom as she wept, fighting to hold back his own tears.

"I tried to be strong for her," he says, now crying. "It was really hard."

With his father, he says, he was able to "go out back and kind of hug it out."

Jacob Mohler says he'd be lying if he said he was the best father he could be in the first six months or even year after Brooklynn died.

He had walked into the house where Brooklynn was shot minutes after it happened. He held her as she struggled to breathe.

"It was a blessing and a curse," he says. "I got to be with my baby in her darkest hour, but the things I see when I close my eyes -- I wouldn't wish on anybody."

Today, he likes to say, "Deal with your grief or your grief will deal with you."

It's a philosophy shared by his wife, Darchel, who knows too well what it's like to lose a sibling. Her younger sister Tessa died in a car wreck at 17. But Darchel not only lost her, she also lost her mother to grief.

"I thought at the time that would be the worst thing I'd ever have to go through," says Darchel, who was 26 and pregnant with Madi at the time. "I can empathize with my children. ... And I understand my mother more now."

She was determined to be present for her kids, even if emotionally she had checked out, and to make this house a safe space to cry and feel.

Madi goes to a grief group with other kids her age. The first day they met, they wrote down what made them mad and then set those words on fire -- before making s'mores. They do crafts "dedicated to our lost one," she explains. She's made a Valentine's card for Brooklynn, decorated candy canes and made a new dream catcher.

Down the hall, in her mother's office, there's a painting by Madi. It features two girls, side-by-side, with tears running down their cheeks. Atop one are the words, "I miss you Sissy." The other girl, almost identical, wears angel's wings.

Sometimes relatives will say things like, "You'll grow up to be just like Brooklynn," Madi says. And while she'd like to be like her sister, she says, "I'm not like her. I want to be my own self."

Levi balked at the idea of counseling in the beginning. He was sure he could handle it on his own. He played on the football and lacrosse teams and channeled his feelings onto the field.

He'd look for big hits, he says. He got concussions but never told anyone. He played a whole football season with a broken wrist. Even on his violin, an instrument Brooklynn took up so she could be like him, he poured his heart into his music, using that same broken wrist.

I always felt it was my job to keep her safe. ... I just felt destroyed. I could've prevented it. Levi Mohler

Today, he's not ashamed to see a counselor. He's even thinking he might become one himself. When he needs a good cry, he often turns to music. Cole Swindell's, "You Should Be Here," helps bring up lots of stuff, he says. Sometimes he'll even listen to Brooklynn's playlist, including her "stupid little boy band artists" -- the very music that used to make him scream, "Turn that off!" when he heard it through the wall between their bedrooms.

About a year after her death, the family established the Brooklynn Mae Mohler Foundation . Its mission is to push for responsible gun ownership and encourage parents to ask other parents if they have unsecured firearms in their homes. In Brooklynn's name, they host runs and set up tables at community events to raise awareness. It's a mission, Levi says, that helped bring the family together, offered them purpose and allowed them to really talk about Brooklynn

"It was probably the best thing that we could've done," he says.

The scars, however, still run deep.

Darchel, who was already plenty overprotective before Brooklynn died, is an even more nervous mother. Just ask Madi.

"I don't have as much freedom as I would like," she says. "I can't really go over to other friends' houses because of my mother's anxiety. But it's cool because my friends get to come over here, and personally I think it's more fun over here. I feel safe in my own house."

And Levi, who never suffered from anxiety before, says he now suffers from it "like crazy." A glass half-full guy before, he's now prone to fixating on worst-case scenarios.

His worrying, he thinks, helped drive a girlfriend away. He needed to know where she was all the time and that she was safe.

"She didn't quite understand it and I didn't expect her to," he says, as he wipes away new tears. "I did love her, and it would kill me if something happened to her. ... It would kill me to lose someone again."

He understands his mother's overprotectiveness. When other friends were getting their driver's licenses, he held off until he was 18. His mother couldn't handle the thought of him driving off.

"I'll take the bus. It's OK. Don't worry," he remembers saying. "I'll get my license when you're ready for me to."

Such milestones make him think of Brooklynn. Moments that should be joyous carry a sting.

"She never fell in love. She never got her driver's license. She didn't graduate high school," he says. "She never got to go play a varsity sport, never got to go to prom."

When his thoughts turn to Madi, though, his words carry a different weight. Levi says he and his younger sister grew distant after Brooklynn was gone.

"I don't know if that's normal," he says, "but this is what happened."

Madi has no illusions about this either.

"There's such a big age difference. We don't really talk a whole lot," Madi says. "But I kind of want that to change because I don't like not talking to my brother."

With Brooklynn, they had a bridge that bound them. She was the consummate middle child. She was, as her parents describe, the hub to their family wheel.

Now, three years after a bullet took her away, her two surviving siblings must find their own connection.

-- Jessica Ravitz, CNN

JUST WATCHED 'It just never felt the same' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'It just never felt the same' 03:19

'He was my role model'

A gang prank and a brother gone, 2006

Tre Bosley holds a blue candle and walks in silence with more than 100 others protesting the violence that plagues Chicago's South Side.

Tre is an impressive young man, a high school basketball star with a stellar GPA who leads an anti-violence youth group.

Beneath his bright smile and optimistic outlook is a teen who knows the despair of the city's mounting death toll. Tre was just 8 when his older brother, Terrell was killed in a gang prank a decade ago.

Terrell was 18, a motivated young man who shunned the gang life for church choir.

Pinned to Tre's chest is a button bearing his brother's image. A reminder of why he keeps fighting.

"He was my role model -- truly a role model," Tre says.

Saving lives has become Tre's mission. He has known about a dozen people who've been killed, from his brother to a cousin to a special needs teacher.

Tre takes his message -- and his button -- everywhere he travels. Earlier this year, he was far from his South Side neighborhood, standing face-to-face with President Barack Obama during a town hall on gun control.

"My question to you is: What is your advice to those growing up surrounded by poverty and gun violence?" Tre asked at the end of the event

Obama looked at him. "When I see you, I think about my own youth because I wasn't that different from you -- probably not as articulate and maybe more of a goof-off, but the main difference was I lived in a more forgiving environment."

The President told Tre not to give up hope, to keep being a role model, to work hard, to strive for great things through education. "But what I also want to say to you is that you're really important to the future of this country."

The President's words touched Tre in unexpected ways. "He kinda told me that I'm the future -- not only me, but the youth are the future of this country," he says. "It really inspired me."

Terrell Bosley with brothers Terrez, left, and Tre. "He was my role model," Tre says of Terrell.

Before his brother was killed, Tre used to dream big. Like of becoming the president of the country or heading up a major company. But in the years after, he says, "I kind of diminished my goals."

It was more about surviving day to day. There were few African-American role models in his neighborhood.

His mother became more protective. He wasn't allowed to leave his block. She drove him to school. A nearby basketball court was off limits. "She doesn't let us walk there or go play or nothing," he says. "We really stay on that one portion of the block all the time." Even there, playing basketball in an alley, he can hear gunshots.

Tre remembers everything "very clearly, actually" from April 4, 2006. How could he ever forget that day?

He was studying math with his father in the front room of their home. His mother took a phone call, then screamed: "Terrell's been shot!"

His books fell to the floor and everyone ran from the home. They hopped in the car and rushed to Terrell's side.

Terrell sang in a community choir and played the bass at various churches around Chicago. He was helping a friend take drums into a church when shots rang out. He was hit once in the shoulder. A friend was hit multiple times, but survived.

The family was later told that one gang member had played a prank on another, saying Terrell was a member of a rival gang. "When he shot them, the other guy said, 'I was just kidding,'" mother Pam Bosley says. "You mean to tell me my son is gone because of some joke?!"

Tre watched his brother get loaded into an ambulance and rushed to the hospital, sirens blaring. His mom was crying, so were he and his other brother, Terrez, then 13. "My mom was telling us to pray -- just keep praying, make sure that you keep praying."

At the hospital, he and Terrez watched from a waiting area as a doctor told their parents Terrell had died. The room filled with wails and tears. Their dad "came and told us, and we started crying."

Tre thought about the time Terrell beat him in checkers. He had promised he'd beat his older brother one day. "Just knowing I'd never be able to do that -- at first, it hurt.

"At that moment in the hospital, I didn't truly know what was going on. It just felt like a dream."

Terrell had been his idol. He kept the talkative, overconfident young Tre grounded. Told him not to be so boisterous with his smack-talk.

One of Tre's favorite memories was sitting with Terrell in his car listening to music. Tre didn't have much rhythm, so Terrell tried to demonstrate: "He was like, 'Look you should bob your head like this. Not like that! It's got to be on the beat."

Tre laughs. All these years later, that memory brings a smile. "I'll never forget the moment he taught me how to bob my head."

Other memories race back, like when they'd drive together to school. "We used to pray in the car on my way to school. We'd pray that no one else would get harmed. We prayed every day to keep our family safe and that no one gets shot and killed in our family.

"That was before he got killed. Then, I started to pray by myself."

Terrell was killed just before Easter. For years after, the family stopped celebrating holidays. They'd stay in a hotel for Christmas because the grief at home was too overbearing. Terrell had loved Christmas; he'd go over the top with decorating the house, inside and out.

Only in the last couple of years has the family been able to celebrate Christmas at home. Tre had begged his mother to allow them. "We just started putting a tree back up," he says.

For now, it's the only decoration.

"On Christmas, when you're getting your gifts, you just know that there's supposed to be somebody else getting their gifts," he says. "I always feel like something is missing. You never feel like the holidays are complete."

His mom has filled some of the void of Terrell's absence -- thrusting him into activism and making sure he kept up with his studies. Now 18, Tre graduated with a 4.2 GPA and will attend college on scholarship.

Tre also credits his pastor, the Rev. Michael Pfleger, the fiery priest of Saint Sabina who has been a community activist for decades.

Pfleger says all too often parents turn to alcohol or drugs after losing a child -- and surviving siblings get lost amid the grief. He praises Tre's parents for keeping him on the right path, and he says Tre's perseverance and positive attitude played a major part in shaping who he is today.

"He's got a great blend of a strength and a sensitivity that I've always admired," Pfleger says.

I need to go out and make a change so that other people won't go through what I went through. Tre Bosley

It would have been "easy for him to become either angry or bitter after losing his brother, or to turn to the streets or live in fear after that. Instead, he made a decision to join with his parents ... and put his emotional pain, hurt and trauma into trying to be a voice for other young people."

Tre serves as the president of The BRAVE Youth Leaders, an anti-violence organization that goes into the community, delivering a message of peace. They also help with mentoring and voter registration. BRAVE stands for Bold Resistance Against Violence Everywhere.

He likes the Black Lives Matter movement and appreciates its efforts, but he wishes it would "address black on black crime as much as they do police brutality."

"I mean: How can they expect to give us justice for those killings when we don't even expect justice for our own killings?"

His brother's killer has not been caught.

Still, meeting Obama has inspired Tre to fight even harder for change and for equality for all.

"Knowing that your role model is gone and I'm still trying to follow his footsteps," Tre says, "I know (my brother) would be proud of me for what I did and what I said."

He pauses. "I think that's my response to everything that happened to me after my brother. My response was I need to go out and make a change so that other people won't go through what I went through."

Terrell would be proud in other ways, too. On what would've been Terrell's 28th birthday, Tre played in a high school basketball game. Under his jersey, he wore a T-shirt commemorating his brother's life.

On the court, Tre couldn't be stopped. He caught fire, hitting five 3-pointers. "I know I played well because he was looking down, and he helped me out that game."

Again, Tre lights up.

-- Wayne Drash, CNN
====End Article====

====Article #17====
*TITLE: GOP senator: DeVos will have to be 'exposed' to public schools to see how successful they are
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/07/politics/kfile-deb-fischer-devos/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Andrew Kaczynski']
*ARTICLE: Story highlights Sen. Fischer said DeVos will need to be exposed to public schools to see how successful they are in educating children.

Fischer made the comments on Monday evening speaking with 1400 KLIN local radio in Nebraska.

(CNN) Republican Sen. Deb Fischer, who voted to confirm to Betsy DeVos as the secretary of education Tuesday, said DeVos will need to be exposed to public schools to see how successful they are in educating children.

Fischer made the comments on Monday evening speaking with 1400 KLIN local radio in Nebraska in response to a question about DeVos having sent her children to private schools. Fischer said she supported DeVos but disagreed with her on charter schools, something the Republican senator noted was a break from her party.

"Well, what I think what we need to do is make sure that we get the secretary of education out to the states and out to these great public schools that we have," the Nebraska Republican said. "That's how we can show how successful we are in educating our youth."

Fischer compared the situation to Sonny Perdue, the Trump administration's nominee to head the Agriculture department, saying people in the Midwest were concerned about is nomination because they had different concerns from the South, where Perdue is from.

"I will hold Mrs. Devos to those same standards so she understands and is exposed as I said, the great public schools that we have in Nebraska and that we have in many other states."
====End Article====

====Article #18====
*TITLE: Cat flats: designing human apartments for feline friends
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/12/28/architecture/asia-cat-friendly-flats/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Kate Springer']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) Perched on a ledge in a Taipei apartment, Ge Ge -- aka Elder Brother -- looks satisfied as he surveys his new territory.

His owner recently overhauled their 484 square foot (45 sqm) home in the Taiwanese capital to make Ge Ge and his sibling, Mei Mei -- or Little Sister -- feel more comfortable.

Far from unusual, this is just one of many so-called "cat flats" springing up across Asia.

In such properties, cat flaps are passé. Tiny arched doorways connecting rooms, shelves that serve as climbing frames and scratching surfaces doubling as decorative features are the norm.

"The cat business is booming. I don't remember it being like this three years ago," says Szuti Tsai, founder of Taipei-based ST Studio Design and the interior designer behind Mei Mei's flat.

Since 2011 pet cat popularity has increased by 91% in Taiwan, with owners shelling out $598.4 million on pet-related products and services a year, according to the Council of Agriculture.

"People who love their cats really do go a bit crazy for them," admits Tsai.

A Taipei loft for cats

Clean and contemporary, the Taipei apartment -- dubbed Loft H -- came about in an unconventional manner.

Tsai, who had just adopted a cat, met her client in an online pet forum, where owners post questions and share advice. One user left an unusual message: he was looking for someone to design a minimalist apartment tailored to the needs of his two cats.

Tsai made contact to offer her services.

"(The client) said his cats hated it when he closed the doors. They went crazy," says Tsai. "Cats actually need a lot more attention than people think. They want to know what you're doing at every moment."

In order to solve that issue, Tsai knocked down the internal walls, and turned the apartment into an open-plan space, bar the bathroom. Furthermore, she opened up the windows to let in more natural light, offering the cats several spots for sunbathing.

On various walls Tsai built an elaborate system of ledges to serve as a cat playground, the layout of which can be adjusted to keep the pets interested.

Growing trend

Aside from Tsai's project, Taiwan-based Thinking Design, Tokyo-based architecture firm Key Operation and South Korean outfit OBBA architects , to name a few, all report having undertaken cat flat commissions in recent years.

In Gaemi Maeul, a small village in northwestern Seoul, lies the 50m2 House, named for its dinky size: 538 square foot (50 sqm).

Although space was limited, the owners of this property were clear in their initial design brief to OBBA architects : their home had to be cat orientated.

Taking their brief seriously, the designers installed dedicated "cat lounges" -- sun-drenched areas where the felines can kick back and play -- as well as a white staircase designed specifically for the cats.

This ingenious feature winds through the house, terminating at a high ledge where the cats can relax above the humans.

Hong Kong hang outs

Meanwhile, in Hong Kong building a home that truly accommodates both man and beast was an even greater challenge, given the city state's notoriously small apartments.

But the 309 square foot (29 sqm) Small Home Smart Home , designed by LAAB Architects , is a prime example of how this can be achieved.

Not only does this micro property feature a home cinema, bath tub and gym, it also includes a carpeted catwalk that traces the ceiling, a cat ladder, a hidden litter box beneath the bathroom sink, discreet food trays that slide out of kitchen cabinets and even a private cat den.

"The apartment was not only designed for (owners) Michelle and Andy Knight but also for their three cats, Banoffee, Dumpling and Tuxedo," Otto Ng, co-founder of LAAB Architects, tells CNN.

Home owner Andy Knight says the design team chose materials for the cat features that would keep the small space dry and free of unsavory smells.

"For example, the cat litter box has been equipped with its own ventilation system that pulls smells out of the building," he tells CNN.

"The cat walks give them more places to go," says Knight. "The cats spend a lot of time sleeping up there and looking down at us and friends as we use the apartment."

So was the extra hassle, and cost, of making the apartment cat friendly worth it?

For Knight, absolutely.

"A home is about everyone that lives in that space together, not just the people."
====End Article====

====Article #19====
*TITLE: Bill Clinton: There Are No Great Generations, Just Different Problems
*URL: http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2011/05/bill-clinton-there-are-no-great-generations-just-different-problems/239293/
*AUTHORS: ['Brian Till']
*ARTICLE: The former president on climate change, curiosity, and what it means to be a leader

The office where I met Clinton high in the UN headquarters building belongs to another era. It is an institution built for a world of the past -- one based on Cold War rivalries and the last century's balance of power. It was Clinton's first day in the cramped space, and his entourage of bodyguards and assistants were stumbling over one another in the confines. The Secret Service men dispatched a young press aide to inquire why so many UN staffers were loitering near the elevators, though it was clear that they were simply trying to catch a glimpse of the ex-president.

"Is this the office?" an exhausted Clinton asked after shaking my hand. I nodded, as did most of the swarm that followed him. The entire place felt as if it hadn't been touched since the early fifties when the building was raised, a lone skyscraper above an otherwise flat block on the East Side of Manhattan. I heard him chuckle to a staffer as he stepped inside, "You know what," -- 'wahut,' the final word came out -- "It kinda reminds me of Mad Men. Have you seen that show yet?"







William Jefferson Blythe III never met his father, a traveling salesman who died in a car accident three months before Bill was born. He took the name Clinton from his hard-drinking and abusive stepfather, Roger, who Bill, at fourteen, demanded never hit his mother again. He hid the abuse from most people in his life. As a junior at Georgetown University, though, he shuttled back and forth to Durham, North Carolina on weekends to make peace with his dying stepfather as he underwent cancer treatments. Clinton almost never drinks; he sleeps little and speaks without reprieve. On the day that we met, the topics of his endless seminar ranged from the evolution of the light bulb to early twentieth-century American film to the beauty of Columbia's Aburrá Valley and Medellín.



Perhaps the most interesting dimension of his character is the pace with which he lives. "He had said to everybody over and over and over again," Chelsea Clinton has said, "that none of the men in his family live past sixty, or much past." As a result, he has always moved at a rather reckless pace, trying to accomplish as much as possible before a short clock -- either real, imagined, or prophetically self-fulfilling -- ticks to a stop.







As members of my generation look around the world today, we see climate change on the rise and nothing in the way of a successor for the Kyoto Protocol, the proliferation of nuclear weapons still un abated, Millennium Development Goals we're still well short of, a hugely imbalanced global economy that will continue to undermine itself, and I wonder if you worry that you and this post-Cold War generation of leaders will be judged harshly by history?



No. I think that's a cheap trick. I mean, all of this "the greatest generation is World War II?" -- it just happens that they're the most horrible parents in human history, right?



If all of us baby boomers were so bad, then our parents were terrible; they failed. And if we were so bad, how come our kids are so great? We were hellaciously good parents.



I think it's phony as a $3 bill. I think they had a chance to win World War II and it was clear. These are much more complex things [now]. We have no idea if the World War II generation would have made the decisions they should make on climate change if they thought doing so would bring an end to their economic prosperity.



The real problem in climate change is that we're paying for our past success. The established order has too many self-protecting economic entities, and not enough people who yet understand what it takes to change.



The World War II generation was thrown into a war by a madman, Hitler, and an expansionist empire in Japan, and we did what we had to do. Look, I admire the World War II generation; I'm just trying to make a point here. I don't think there are defective generations. There are times and struggles and they present different challenges.



I believe the United States will pass reasonably good climate change legislation, I believe we will get a successor that will be better than Kyoto, and I think that we're in a race against time and circumstance.



This will be calamitous if we don't do something about it, and the population of the earth will drop hugely over the next 1,000 years, maybe over the next 200 years, if we don't do something about it.



We're really in a race against time. I think history is a relay race and you just got to keep handing off and making things happen. I'm basically pretty optimistic.



Where the intersection of science and politics is on climate change, I'd leave to others. We might lose. Our minds may not be able to expand enough collectively to avert the worst.



I think most people are more literal and they learn things in a serial fashion. Most people have all they can do to keep body and soul together -- even before this economic collapse -- raise their kids, pay their taxes, worry about how to pay for college, deal with their mother's health, and everything.



It just takes time to change the mindset, but we're a much more communitarian country and a much more communitarian world than we were 20 years ago. I basically think you've got to get people's attitudes right, and then they have to have a general analysis that's right, and you have to organize for action. And you just have to stumble in the right direction. I'm pretty upbeat about it.



When you're my age, I hope you're dealing with a different set of problems. There'll always be problems, but that's what I hope will happen



David Leopolus, a childhood friend of yours, used to joke with friends that if they were bored, they could always go and watch you read. Is that insatiable curiosity critical to being a good leader?









I think in order to do one or two big things, you have to know many little things. I think it's also important in a complex time with a lot of dynamism to be able to relate to all different kinds of people, because, in the end, most political power depends more on persuasion rather than coercion.



And then I think you have to be able to reconcile the complexities and order them in a pattern. For a lot of people who just follow the evening news or read the morning paper, it's like the political equivalent of chaos theory in physics.



But your job, if you're a leader, is to take superficially random events and organize them into patterns that tell you what you should do to maximize an opportunity or head off the problem.



Being decisive in the face of complexity and ambiguity is important. Being able to make a call, to decide to act, and then figuring out how to act to support that decision. Yes, be curious; yes, appreciate the complexity and ambiguity; but then organize into patterns and decide what you're going to do and execute. I think that's extremely important.



You know, Machiavelli said in the 15th century that change was hard because the people who would benefit from it were uncertain of their gain and the people who would lose were positive of their loss; that's pretty much the way it still is. And if you sign on to be a progressive change agent, you had to have a high threshold for pain and you keep throwing yourself under the bridge, but I believe you can really make a difference if you just make these efforts and get up and work at it every day. I left the White House more optimistic than I entered it, after all I went through, and I would wake up every day believing that you can make good things happen.





This post was adapted from Brian Till's new book, Conversations with Power: What Great Presidents and Prime Ministers Can Teach Us about Leadership. Well, I think that insatiable curiosity is important in a time dominated by complexity and dynamism, because you have so many things you need to understand. For the last 20 years, insatiable curiosity has been really important.I think in order to do one or two big things, you have to know many little things. I think it's also important in a complex time with a lot of dynamism to be able to relate to all different kinds of people, because, in the end, most political power depends more on persuasion rather than coercion.And then I think you have to be able to reconcile the complexities and order them in a pattern. For a lot of people who just follow the evening news or read the morning paper, it's like the political equivalent of chaos theory in physics.But your job, if you're a leader, is to take superficially random events and organize them into patterns that tell you what you should do to maximize an opportunity or head off the problem.Being decisive in the face of complexity and ambiguity is important. Being able to make a call, to decide to act, and then figuring out how to act to support that decision. Yes, be curious; yes, appreciate the complexity and ambiguity; but then organize into patterns and decide what you're going to do and execute. I think that's extremely important.You know, Machiavelli said in the 15th century that change was hard because the people who would benefit from it were uncertain of their gain and the people who would lose were positive of their loss; that's pretty much the way it still is. And if you sign on to be a progressive change agent, you had to have a high threshold for pain and you keep throwing yourself under the bridge, but I believe you can really make a difference if you just make these efforts and get up and work at it every day. I left the White House more optimistic than I entered it, after all I went through, and I would wake up every day believing that you can make good things happen.This post was adapted from Brian Till's new book,

In the 2008 presidential election, Clinton was cast as a villain, an overbearing spouse allegedly eliciting racism1 to propel his ambitious wife forward to the presidency and, conceivably, to reclaim a good deal of power himself. The Democratic presidential primary of 2008 muddled the esteem that had ballooned during eight years of gaffes and incompetence by his successor in the Oval Office. During that span, Clinton largely redefined the post- presidential years; he circled the globe as a nimble, intrepid freelancer, leveraging charisma and a seemingly limitless Rolodex for both the broader good and personal gain."Clinton is a nonprofit conglomerate," says one former advisor and long-time friend. It's not an in- accurate characterization. His work fittingly mirrors the rise of social networking and the Internet, a two-point-zero version of previous post-presidential benevolence.Among his most important accomplishments is his success drastically reducing the cost of life-saving anti-retro viral treatment for AIDS victims around the world. The latest round of deals with pharmaceutical companies -- on the heels of others that have helped two million people access treatment -- drops the cost of second-line regiments, for those whose illnesses have overcome first line drugs, by 60 percent. Commitments to charitable work made each year by individuals and corporations attending the Clinton Global Initiative conference reach into the billions of dollars. He launched a ten-year $100 million campaign against extreme poverty in Rwanda and Malawi and, in 2005, raised over a $120 million following Hurricane Katrina with George H. W. Bush.As president, his achievements were matched by equally notable shortfalls. He presided over a massive expansion of economic growth, generating surpluses of $122 billion and $230 billion during his last two years in office; he waged a successful campaign to stem genocide in Kosovo, and greatly expanded free trade and global commerce. But his failure to intervene in Rwanda, where some 800,000 were massacred, or to move effectively to stop genocide in Bosnia, or to advance middle east peace, marked high-profile failures. Domestically, he was unable to pass comprehensive health care reform and ambitious campaign finance reforms. He signed the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act in 1999, which had raised a wall between the speculative trading and underwriting of investment banks and the more traditional lending of commercial, depository banks. The law had been in place since the 1930s. Its elimination helped inflate the massive bubble that burst in the 2007 financial collapse, and meant commercial institutions, like Bank of America and Citibank, were allowed to assume massive risk in the form of housing market credit derivatives. They, of course, had to be bailed out to protect the broader economy. "I think they were wrong," he told ABC in April 2010, referring to his economics advisors, "and I think I was wrong to take [their advice]." The Monica Lewinsky scandal and a myriad of other sex-related allegations forever scarred his legacy and remains the first thought for many when his name is invoked.But for most of those who've had the chance to interact with Clinton, his warmth and intelligence overpower the more lurid details that special prosecutor Ken Starr seared into the American conscience. Clinton is surprisingly tender in person, a gentle handshake matches the soft white hair and the unmistakable bulb nose.He has been called the Michael Jordan of politics, an apt comparison in terms of both talent and intensity. Stan Greenberg, who worked as a consultant for both of Clinton's bids for the White House, recalled Clinton's rage at a Ross Perot attack in the closing days of the 1992 campaign: "They are attacking my character and we must attack Perot's character." He went on, speaking over the phone with aides after a long day of campaigning, "We need to take a meat axe to his brain, cut his head open." He demanded a response that was "red meat and passion, no more pussy ads."
====End Article====

====Article #20====
*TITLE: 10 siblings lost their dad on 9/11, then they lost mom to cancer
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/09/06/us/palombo-10-siblings-from-9-11/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Story Wayne Drash', 'Cnn Video Claudia Morales']
*ARTICLE: New York (CNN) "Am I loving you enough? Are you feeling loved? Is your faith strong?"

Those are the questions Jean Palombo asked her 10 children in the years that followed 9/11.

Her eight boys and two girls ranged in age from 11 months to 15 years when they lost their father on that fateful day. Frank Anthony Palombo was 46, a firefighter, and the family rock.

Jean's worst fear was that someone would question her ability to raise her children by herself. That they would be split up, placed in separate homes, if the state deemed her inadequate. How could a grieving widow stand up to such an enormous task?

But Jean had grit. And she had faith. She relied on all of that, and then some. She thought of the love she and Frank shared for 19 years and the lessons learned. "God provides," he always said.

Just days before he was killed, she told him: "Everything's easier together."

9/11 Town Hall CNN's Brooke Baldwin interviewed 10 of the 9/11 children, now ages 14 to 29, in a televised Town Hall. They spoke about their loss, the last 15 years — and why the terrorists failed.

Together, she and her 10 children forged ahead. There were others who pitched in: relatives, firefighters and church members. But everyone says it was Jean's steely resolve that kept her children on a good path.

Eight years later, the family took another blow: Jean was diagnosed with colon cancer. Excruciating chemo treatment and multiple surgeries followed. When her cancer was in remission, the family jetted off on vacations. The Turks and Caicos. California. Disney World. Life was too precious not to enjoy the moment.

She became even more loving as the cancer worsened. She told her older children not to feel sorry for the youngest "because they had a better mom."

"Look what we've been through together," she told them all. "You'll be fine. Be grateful. Sometimes things go wrong. Love life, and do the best you can."

This time, they got to say goodbye.

Coming of Age in the Age of Terror What can the 9/11 children teach us?

More than 3,000 children lost a parent on that awful day. Fifteen years later, in a world rocked by terror, this group has hard-won wisdom to share. Here, in their own words, is a glimpse into their journeys. A place to belong

It's a summer camp with a distinction: Participants are young people touched by terror. This year, 55 of them -- from a dozen countries -- gathered on a campus in Pennsylvania, where they found renewal and hope in their common bond. Bound by terror: 'I've got you'

She faced al Qaeda militants in a courtroom. He put Osama bin Laden's image on a punching bag and let loose. She's from France; he's a "child" of 9/11. They're two strangers who share a tragic bond: Each lost a father to terrorism.

On August 8, 2013, the children gathered in their mother's bedroom. Nearly 100 friends from church crowded their Jersey home and sang hymns.

At 53, Jean mouthed a Psalm before taking her last breath.

Her oldest child was 27 then; her youngest, 12.

The Palombo 10 rallied. Again, they weren't about to allow themselves to be separated. From the oldest to the youngest, the siblings agreed to raise one another.

A party of 10.

Anthony is the oldest and studying to be a priest. Frank Jr. is the only married one in the bunch, with three children and now living outside the house. Joe, the third child, is the accountant who helps keep everyone on budget. Child No. 4, Maria, is an oncology nurse, driven to help cancer patients after witnessing her mother's decline. She's the mother of the house, known to raise her voice amid the cacophony.

Tommy, the fifth child, has followed his father's footsteps to become a firefighter and lives with an aunt in the city to be closer to his firehouse. The loud child is the sixth, John, who was recently accepted into the fire academy. Patrick serves as the house chef and has begun working as a cook at an Italian restaurant. No. 8, Daniel, is the hyper competitive brother who dominates backyard volleyball and will soon head off to his freshman year of college. The last of the boys is Stephen, the family jokester, starting his junior year of high school. The youngest child is Maggie, a high school sophomore with her dad's Brooklyn spunk.

Their two-story home is nestled along a shady cul-de-sac in Ridgewood, New Jersey.

The Palombo 10 in 2000. From left, in front: Anthony holding Stephen, Tommy, Joe and John. Behind them is Frank (with skateboard), Daniel and Maria holding Maggie. Patrick is in back.

On a recent day, Joe, Maria, Tommy and Patrick flip through family photographs at the kitchen table. One shows the 10 of them by themselves at their old Brooklyn home. Another of clean-shaven Dad in his FDNY uniform. Of Dad with a vintage 1970s mustache. Of Mom with a mesmerizing gaze.

Of their young parents on their wedding day.

"If we had all separated, we'd be a mess," says Maria, now 26.

"Yeah," Tommy, 24, agrees. "I feel like if we were all to just go our own ways, I don't know." He pauses, then cracks a joke: "Who knows what Joey and Maria would be doing? I'd probably still be good."

Joe, 27, says he'd work around-the-clock at an accounting firm "if I didn't have my family pulling me home."

The deaths of his father and mother "affected us all in different ways," he says. "Having that bond, no matter how different we are and how many different personalities we have, I think it keeps us together."

Their parents, says 21-year-old Patrick, "instilled in us the importance of being together, eating together, praying together. Those three things in particular."

Frank and Jean Palombo wed in 1982. The first of their 10 children was born in 1986.

And that tradition lives on. Eight of them live in the five-bedroom home. They moved there in 2006 from Brooklyn for better public schools. No one is allowed to sleep in the room that became their mother's. The master bedroom houses four of the boys, now grown into young men. On Sundays, all 10 gather here for morning prayer.

It's not all serious. They bicker and fight and argue as siblings tend to do. "Every day when I wake up," Maria says, "I realize what a miracle it is that we're all here. Nobody's thrown anybody out the window yet."

"It's definitely a lot of fun," Joe says. "We don't have parents, so there's a lot of: 'What would you like to do?'"

Their father used to weep at the dining table and thank God for blessing him with so many children. And here they are retelling the tales and wisdom of their father and mother, 15 years after 9/11.

What would Dad think of it all?

"He'd be crying," says Maria. "For sure."

The room fills with laughter.

'What's the meaning of your life?'

Frank and Jean didn't share a love-at-first-sight story. He was the best friend of one of her brothers. She was 9 when they met; he was 14. But he always talked with her, asked how she was doing.

A spark grew in her high school years. He had deep inviting brown eyes and the handsome looks of an older gentleman; she had straight auburn hair and a coy, Hollywood-esque gaze.

On her 18th birthday, he came to her and confessed "he had strong feelings for her and that he wanted to date her," says Shelly Hogan, Jean's older sister.

About this series CNN worked with Tuesday's Children, an organization formed after the 9/11 terrorists attacks, to interview dozens of teens and young adults who lost a parent on that awful Tuesday in 2001.

"She was so happy. As a young girl, she had a big crush on him."

He was in seminary, studying to become a priest. Their romance changed those plans. He switched gears and became a New York firefighter in 1979. He and Jean got hitched three years later, in 1982.

"They just really loved one another. It was a beautiful relationship."

Yet early on, the young couple struggled. He was a devout Catholic, active with the youth. She wanted nothing to do with the church.

He wanted 12 children. She wanted none. She was a special education teacher. She hoped to form a special needs school and be the principal. Those would be her children.

With so much suffering in the world, she wondered, why would anyone want to bring a child into it?

That would soon change. One afternoon in 1985, Frank heard an announcement at church about classes that would explore the topic, "What's the meaning in your life?" He was so moved by the first session, he came home and begged his wife to attend.

She reluctantly agreed. "This is the last thing I'm ever going to do in the Catholic Church," she told him.

It turned out to be transformative, as if she'd been touched by God. A couple from Italy expecting their fourth child was there. They were smiling and happy, basking at the power of giving life. "God loves you," the woman told Jean.

She wondered: Is something wrong with me? Why can't I love like that?

After losing their father and then their mother, the 10 siblings keep their parents' memory alive through family photographs.

The priest's words from that day resonated: "Do you think, perhaps, that God is a monster that you do not allow his will to be done in your life?"

"He opened my life," Jean said of that moment.

The couple didn't look back.

"Knowing that God loved her gave her the strength to live her life -- to be free, to not be scared of the suffering," her daughter Maria says.

Jean and Frank built the foundation for their children's lives. Making money didn't matter to them -- loving life did. What they couldn't provide financially, they made up for in time spent with their kids.

Frank wrestled with them. He took them to the firehouse. He played football with them across the street in Prospect Park, drawing up plays in the huddle on their bellies. He'd throw passes to Maria. She'd reel the ball in and run for touchdowns. Out of her earshot, he warned his boys: "Don't you touch her!"

During youth hockey games, Dad watched from the stands as Tommy and his older brother Joe competed on opposite teams. He got worked up when Joe knocked Tommy over.

"Hey, calm down! Calm down!" he shouted.

Frank made dinner, too. Pizza, pasta marinara and barbecue were his specialties.

He worked with the children on homework. He told them to always try their hardest. "If you get a B in class but don't try, then I'll be upset."

Jean was the nurturing type who showered her kids with kindness. She was a mother-of-all-trades: She got her 10 kids to and from school, whisked them off to their games and practices, instilled in them a strong faith.

Frank was so active in the church he took a group of young people every three years on overseas missions. While he enjoyed going into burning buildings to save lives, he said it was more satisfying saving a young person's soul from eternal flames.

At the Dean Street firehouse, Frank read his Bible and prayer book while others poured their efforts into studying for the lieutenant's test. "You're never going to get promoted reading the Bible," his fellow firefighters said.

His response: "You're never going to get to heaven reading the lieutenant's book."

He was known as a straight shooter. He spoke his mind and wasn't afraid who he might upset. His word was so highly respected that he could change a union vote just by speaking up.

He could've retired with a full pension in 1999. He started a second job as a handyman instead and felt he needed a few more years to build up the business. Jean had finished her master's degree and hoped to teach again, to bring in extra income.

By September 2001, Frank had his goal in sight. He planned to retire by the start of 2002. Just three months to go.

'I'll always help you'

On the morning of September 11, 2001, Jean awoke thinking she was pregnant. Child No. 11 wasn't in her plans.

"Frank, what are we going to do," she told her husband. "I'll go crazy."

"Don't worry about that," he said. "But we need to think of a name."

Both laughed.

They scurried around the house, getting the children ready for school. He helped load everyone in the car, and she carted them off.

Before they parted, he said, "I'll always help you."

She would never hear her husband's voice again. Frank left with Ladder 105 shortly after they got the call to head to the World Trade Center. He was somewhere in the south tower when the 110-story building collapsed at 9:59 a.m. Six others from his firehouse also died.

When Jean picked up her children from school, she described what had happened at the twin towers. "There was a terrorist attack. Do you guys know what a terrorist attack is?" she asked.

Maria, then 11, mistook the term terrorist for tourist. "Yeah, it's the people on 42nd Street with the cameras," she said.

Jean didn't watch the news. Her husband had told her to ignore television reports and newspapers when anything bad happened involving firefighters -- that it would only cause undue stress.

But by the end of the evening, she sensed the worst. "That night, I understood that something had gone wrong, as he had not called and nobody knew where his team was," she told the Italian weekly newspaper Tempi.

The next morning, she woke each child and told them: "They didn't find Dad." She felt it important to relay the news to each of her children individually, even her 11-month-old.

"That was the hardest: Waking up and crying hysterically with my mom," says Joe, who was 12 at the time.

Adds Tommy, who was 9, "I didn't even know what terrorism was. I was in fourth grade."

The range of emotions varied with each child.

Tommy Palombo became a New York firefighter in May, to help others while honoring his father.

Tommy told one of his friends a couple of weeks later, "I just want to be able to say goodbye."

Patrick was 6. He hadn't been able to find his shoes the morning of 9/11 and had argued with his dad. He told his father he hated him and never wanted to see him again.

"Then, I never saw him again," Patrick says. "That was very difficult to deal with, and still is."

Maria refused to believe her father was dead for months, even years. She thought maybe a brick hit his head, and he had amnesia. To this day, she has dreams in which he comes back and "we're all angry at him for being gone so long."

Amid the family's devastation was an outpouring of love. People who'd traveled on church youth trips with their father reached out, saying their dad changed their lives. Strangers wrote letters, sent hand-stitched quilts and gave them envelopes with money.

Jim Fassel, then the head coach of the New York Giants, was so moved when he heard a firefighter left behind 10 children that he gave the Palombos free rein. They got VIP treatment when they went to practices and games. They once were honored on the field before the national anthem. When Tommy didn't put his hand on his heart, Giants star defensive end Michael Strahan smacked him on the head and told him, "Get it together."

Behind closed doors, there was a huge void. In a family built on faith, the children questioned, "How can God allow this? How can God let us go without a father?"

"A part of me died that day, too," says Joe.

Tommy says simply, "Growing up, Dad was my best friend. My hero."

Their mother worked tirelessly. Financially, the family had the support of their father's firefighter pension, the 9/11 compensation fund and donations of strangers. It allowed Jean to focus on her most precious asset -- her children.

She made sure whatever doubts her children might have about God's love were tended to. She even forgave the terrorists.

"God's love has exceeded this evil," she said.

Friends from church pitched in. So did firefighters from their father's station. They fixed dinner, changed light bulbs, gave the boys rides on the trucks and played football with them at Prospect Park.

They even joined the Palombos on vacations in the decade that followed.

At the Dean Street firehouse, a memorial with oak paneling now lines a back wall. It showcases framed images of the men lost that day. Seven jackets hang on an adjacent wall, including one bearing the name Palombo on the back.

One firehouse slogan reads, "But my sons have sons who are as brave as their fathers."

In the firehouse: a 9/11 'legacy'

Tommy Palombo stands at attention on a stage lined with American flags. It's a moment 15 years in the making.

"Legacies," they're called. Those sons and daughters who follow the footsteps of fathers and mothers who perished on the job; 343 firefighters died on 9/11 alone.

Tommy was so close to his father he was known as his dad's "tail," because the boy was always right behind him. If anyone ever needed Tommy, the family joke was: "Find Frank and you can find Tommy."

The 9-year-old boy who lost his dad is 24 now, resplendent in his FDNY dress blues on this day in May. The epitome of how far the department has come. A sign of rebirth from the tragedy that struck with devastating force.

Tommy Palombo is assigned to Engine 69 in Harlem. His fellow firefighters say he's one of the best newcomers they've had.

Graduating into the ranks of New York firefighters are 310 men and women -- known as "probies." They are called to the stage row by row. The brass recognize each probie for their 18 weeks of hard work that will result in a lifetime of sacrifice.

"Probationary firefighter Thomas Palombo," says Assistant Chief Michael Gala, the emcee of the ceremony.

Tommy's right wrist snaps off a salute to FDNY Chief James Leonard, and Tommy steps forward. Fire Commissioner Daniel Nigro hands him his diploma.

Tommy's status as a 9/11 "legacy" isn't lost on the more than 1,000 people gathered in the auditorium. The crowd erupts with applause.

"That's awesome," brother Joe says softly in the crowd.

This moment is the culmination of Tommy's dream: to honor his father and to give back to the department that helped his family.

"That's what I want with my life," Tommy says. "I want to be surrounded by guys who were always there for us."

How to help Congress has designated September 11 as an annual National Day of Service. See various ways you can volunteer or contribute.

He is stationed at the firehouse known as the Harlem Hilton. His first call to a fire came a few weeks later, in the early hours of Memorial Day. Flames shot out of a hardware store in the bottom of a high-rise building in Harlem. People in apartments crowded the windows and had to be plucked to safety by the ladder truck.

Tommy was with Engine 69 and had the lead nozzle position on a hose. His heart raced. In the moment, he didn't think about his father. He had a job to do. The flames reached more than 25 feet in the air.

But when he got back to the firehouse, he turned more reflective. "How special is this," he thought.

His fellow firefighters will never replace his siblings, but they are part of his new extended family. The veterans praised the new probie at a recent firehouse lunch over heaping bowls of pasta with baked chicken and sausage. The best probie they've had in years. Eager to learn. A guy who understands the culture.

"We don't see him any different," says firefighter Mike Davidson. "It's just, ya know..."

When your father was one of the 343 firefighters lost that day, the "ya know" doesn't need explanation.

Tommy carries on his father's legacy in another very real way. On his helmet, he wears badge number 10871 -- the same number worn by his dad.

Five of the Palombo siblings sit on the patio of their New Jersey home. From left: Joe, Tommy, Maggie, Patrick and Maria.

A home brims with life

The footprint waterfalls at the 9/11 Memorial mark the place where the twin towers stood. The steady sound of trickling water provides a soothing, peaceful contrast to the horror of that day.

The site feels almost majestic. The names of the nearly 3,000 men, women and children killed in the terrorist attacks are stencil-cut into bronze parapets surrounding the pools. During the day, you can see through the letters and into the water below. At night, light brightens the names.

The name Frank Anthony Palombo lies on panel S-21, facing the new Freedom Tower that stretches a quarter mile into the sky.

Twelve miles away, Jean Marie Palombo rests in St. Peter Cemetery in Belleville, New Jersey. The gravestone carries the names and images of both husband and wife.

Not far away, the family home brims with life. The backyard hosts intense 5-on-5 volleyball games. The boys lift in the weight room. At dinner, everyone has their duties, from preparing the meal to doing the dishes.

There are signs, of course, of their parents' absence: old photographs, their mother's empty bedroom. On the piano sits the music to C.D. Gibson's "A Widow and Her Friends."

Daughter Maria finds comfort knowing that the young woman who feared having children suffer in this world gave them an enduring love -- and the knowledge that their suffering has made them stronger.

"That's something our parents passed down to us," she says. "When there's suffering, there's joy at the end of it."

Together, they overcame.
====End Article====

====Article #21====
*TITLE: Singapore Sling: How to make the 100-year-old cocktail
*URL: http://cnn.com/2015/11/17/foodanddrink/singapore-sling-100-years/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Gillian Rhys', 'For Cnn']
*ARTICLE: CNN Travel series often carry sponsorships originating from the countries and regions we profile. However, CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports. Read the policy .

When, for example, was the time you heard shouts of "Another grasshopper over here!" or "Tom Collins and keep 'em coming!" above the din of a crowded bar?

Likewise, the appletini and Red Bull and vodka may require some explaining to future generations.

The redoubtable Singapore Sling, however, is no such an ephemeral flake.

The venerable gin-based cocktail said to have been invented at Raffles Singapore in 1915 is marking its 100th anniversary this month ... with a new twist.

The original recipe is lost but the current one given by Raffles head barman Aaron Manzanillo is: gin (30ml), cherry brandy (15ml), Cointreau (7.5ml), DOM Benedictine (7.5ml), Angostura bitters (Dash), grenadine (10ml), pineapple juice (120ml) and lime juice (15ml). Shake well and strain into glasses filled with ice.

The key ingredient is gin.

That's where Sam Galsworthy, the co-founder of Sipsmith artisan gin, comes in.

The Galsworthy connection

Sam Galsworthy has an uncanny connection with Raffles and Singapore Sling.

Quite by chance, Galsworthy visited the Raffles Hotel and requested a meeting with the food and beverage director the year before the drink's anniversary.

Galsworthy happens to be a descendant of Sir Stamford Raffles, the British statesman who founded Singapore and after whom the hotel was named.

"I've always felt an emotional connection with Raffles because Sir Stamford Raffles was my great, great, great, great, great grandfather," says Galsworthy, whose first name is officially Stamford.

"When I mentioned this to Nigel Moore [Raffles' F&B director], I saw his face light up as I hoped it would. But I was blissfully unaware that 2015 would be the centenary of the Singapore Sling."

The timing of Galsworthy's visit was serendipitous.

"We had started thinking about what we could do to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Singapore Sling," explains Diana Banks, Raffles vice president of brand and luxury sales.

"It had to have elements of both the old and the new and we thought that a bespoke gin would be an excellent way to do this, but had not thought of a partner we could work with."

"I had heard about Sipsmith and their growing reputation for catalyzing the revival of gin culture in London. They share so many of the attributes that Raffles has."

Authentic methods

When it launched in 2009, Sipsmith was the first new copper gin distillery in London to open in 200 years.

As well as producing its spirits in copper stills -- the company's three stills are nicknamed Prudence, Constance and Patience -- Sipsmith uses a "one shot" process, in which no extra alcohol is added to stretch or dilute the gin.

Originally, the Raffles team suggested creating a gin in a style similar to one available around in 1915.

But the idea was quickly overruled by Sipsmith's master distiller.

"He said 'we certainly will not'!" recalls Galsworthy.

Turns out, 1915 wasn't a great year for gin.

Spicy concoction

Raffles 1915 adds lemongrass, jasmine and other ingredients to the traditional London gin recipe.

Instead, for its 2015 incarnation -- called Raffles 1915 -- Sipsmith incorporated spices and ingredients from Southeast Asia.

The gin is inspired by the hotel's location but is also a nod to Sir Stamford, who developed Singapore as a port for the spice trade and who had an avid interest in botany.

He even cultivated spices on Government Hill, now Fort Canning in Singapore.

Six botanicals that would have gone into an original London gin, and that go into every Sipsmith bottle, form the base of Raffles 1915: juniper, coriander, orris root, angelica, cinnamon and lemon peel.

On top of that Sipsmith has added pomelo, lemongrass, jasmine, nutmeg, mace and clove.

After some 40 variations, the Sipsmith team whittled down its recipes to two.

These were sent to Turkey, where Raffles Hotel brass were attending a conference, for the final sampling.

"It was the best part of the three days," says Simon Hirst, general manager of Raffles Singapore. "There was one clear winner that had a unique freshness and brightness."

The 'Raffles 1915' gin

Beginning in November, Raffles 1915 is available in Raffles outlets in Singapore and Paris.

"It will be used in Singapore Slings but it's not anchored to one specific drink," says Galsworthy. "Gin is so versatile ... I love it on the rocks or in a martini."

Galsworthy also suggests a garnish of one of the Southeast Asian ingredients such as lemongrass or pomelo.

"I love crushed jasmine flowers in it," he says. "Whichever you choose will really bring that ingredient to the fore."

By the end of the year the gin will be available in Raffles hotels in Siem Reap and Phnom Penh in Cambodia, and Beijing and Hainan in China.

All remaining Raffles properties will take delivery in 2016.

"It's definitely a long haul product," says Hirst, nodding at Galsworthy. "I think we have our own copper still?"

Galsworthy who confirms that, yes, "Patience" is exclusively dedicated to crafting Raffles 1915.

"It's one of those great opportunities where everything fell into place at the right time," says Hirst.

"This is a hotel that's built on stories and this is the latest one.

"It's a match made in Singapore."
====End Article====

====Article #22====
*TITLE: Up close in the brutal world of a female fight club
*URL: http://cnn.com/2015/03/15/living/cnnphotos-female-fight-club/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Jamie Gumbrecht']
*ARTICLE: Story highlights Katarzyna Mazur spent months photographing a female fight club in Berlin

"I enjoy exploring new worlds, especially a world which exists in a gray area," Mazur said

(CNN) Under harsh lights in a private, rented room in Berlin, women face each other in violent, sometimes bloody battles of brute strength.

There are no official rules to this female fight club. The fighters are both beginners and professionals, anywhere from age 20 to 50, said photographer Katarzyna Mazur , who spent months documenting the club in 2013 and 2014.

Led by founders nicknamed Anna Konda and Red Devil, a match might pit a bodybuilder against a martial arts master. They can wrestle, throw punches or "cat fight." There's no judge, just someone who knows the parameters they've decided for the match. The small audience is mostly made up of men, but it's a place for women to shed the roles they play outside.

"When I saw this kind of fighting for the first time, I was quite shocked. I had never seen something like that before, and it was really interesting to experience all of this so close," said Mazur, who photographed the fight club as part of her work toward graduation from photography school. "Inhibition and fear do not exist on the mat."

Photographer Katarzyna Mazur

At first, Mazur said, she shot the fight club in color, but the look of the blue mat and neon lights didn't satisfy her. She shifted to black-and-white images and reduced her point of view, getting as close as she could to the action.

Read More
====End Article====

====Article #23====
*TITLE: Trump needs to learn some American history
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/02/opinions/trump-needs-learn-american-history-opinion/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Jay Parini']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) President Donald Trump sends shock waves through the nation, around the world, every day of the week, and sometimes this is bluster that doesn't actually threaten America's deepest values.

On Thursday, however, he went a large step too far by suggesting to a group of religious leaders that he would "destroy" the Johnson Amendment , which in 1954 prohibited churches and other tax-exempt organizations from supporting one party or candidate over another.

By violating this law, they could lose their tax exemptions , and that loss would be crushing for most churches and charities.

Do we really want to live in a country where religious organizations can benefit from special tax status and use the donations they receive for partisan purposes, especially in support of religious programs that we find repugnant or against our own faith values?

In the mid-1950s , the Johnson Amendment aroused little concern. It was, after all, signed into law by President Dwight Eisenhower, a much-admired Republican, although it was named for senator (later President) Lyndon B. Johnson, a feisty Democrat.

That c hurches get tax emptions is a questionable idea in itself, and many good reasons for taxing churches (especially church property) and not exempting contributions to them exist. "It's a sensitive topic," says Robert W. Wood in Forbes, "inviting questions about the separation of church and state."

Let's dig into American history for a moment. One hears a lot about the " separation of church and state ," and that's a critical divide, one that was implicit in the US Constitution. The phrase itself was used by Thomas Jefferson, and it's not explicitly written into the First Amendment, although it's implied.

Indeed, the phrase itself was employed by the Supreme Court in 1878 and often used in subsequent years. No self-respecting constitutional scholar doubts that one of the hugely important matters for our Founding Fathers was to maintain this border, as many of our forebears had fled Europe because of religious oppression.

JUST WATCHED Trump: I will destroy Johnson amendment Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump: I will destroy Johnson amendment 00:45

One sees this separation discussed again and again, as in Everson v. Board of Education in 1947, which applied the Establishment Clause from the Bill of Rights to local and state governments. The First Amendment clearly states that "Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of religion.

This means that religions -- all religions -- stay on their side of the fence, while the local, state, and federal government must remain secular.

Government neutrality on religious questions is something that makes us Americans.

It's important for the government never to side with one religion over another. In 2004, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor (appointed by Ronald Reagan) sent a strong message to the legal community on this point, saying that governmental endorsements of religion suggest that some groups of religious persons are "favored members of the political community" while those who don't follow this faith are "outsiders, [or] not full members of the political community."

Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook

This is such a powerful statement, and -- as a Christian myself who wants full freedom to practice my faith exactly as I believe I have the duty and right to do so -- I certainly don't want to see the Johnson Amendment in any way challenged.

In my view, it's not in the interest of any Christian -- even the evangelicals who support Trump -- to see the Johnson Amendment or the separation of church and state eroded, and it's certainly not in the majority interest. Trump naturally wants to stand behind the evangelicals who supported him in his recent election

But he doesn't understand that there is a long and intricate history about the practice of religion in the United States, and that religious freedom actually depends on keeping the lines of separation bold and clear.
====End Article====

====Article #24====
*TITLE: First Trump approval rating lags behind past presidents
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/03/politics/donald-trump-approval-rating/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Jennifer Agiesta', 'Cnn Polling Director']
*ARTICLE: A majority, 53%, disapprove of the way the President is handling his job, according to a new CNN/ORC poll , marking the highest disapproval for a new elected president since polls began tracking those results. Trump is the only President to hold a net-negative rating this early in his tenure.

Overall, 44% approve of the way he's handling the job, seven points below the previous low-point of 51%. Further, the share who disapprove "strongly" of Trump's work as president is nearly as large as the total block who approve, 43% feel intensely negative about Trump. Partisanship is the sharpest divider in opinions on Trump (90% of Republicans approve vs. 10% of Democrats).

Trump's high disapproval most clearly differentiates his ratings from those of his predecessors. While Ronald Reagan's first approval rating measure of 51% from Gallup in 1981 was not that far above Trump's 44% now, Reagan's disapproval number was far lower than Trump's (13% to 53%). And George W. Bush, the last president to be elected without capturing the popular vote, held a far more positive 57% overall approval rating in February of his first year in office, with just 25% disapproving.

Several specific actions Trump has taken in his first two weeks are also meeting with majority opposition, according to the poll. Most oppose the travel restrictions put in place by executive order last week, and 55% say they see it as an attempt to ban Muslims from entering the US. Further, 6 in 10 oppose Trump's plan to build a wall along the border with Mexico.

Overall, 47% say they favor the executive order on travel, which prohibits entry to the US for 90 days by citizens of seven majority-Muslim countries while suspending the US refugee program for 120 days and reducing the total number of refugees the US will accept this year. A majority, 53%, say they oppose the order. Those who favor the ban say by a 2-to-1 margin that they would like to see it expanded to other countries.

Opposition to the travel ban rests somewhat on perceptions that it fulfills one of Trump's campaign proposals: A ban on entry for Muslims. The perception that the executive order is an attempt to ban Muslims from entering is driven largely by opponents of the order -- 82% of whom see it as a Muslim ban, though a quarter of those who support it also see it as an attempt to ban Muslims from entering the country (25% say so).

The public is more closely divided on whether the order makes the US safer or protects American values, two arguments the Trump administration has put forth in support of the order. About 4 in 10 (41%) agree with the Trump administration's contention that the ban makes the US safer from terrorism, while more (46%) say it makes the US less safe from terrorism and another 12% say it doesn't make a difference. Further, just about half (49%) think the order harms American values by keeping out people who are seeking asylum, while 43% say it does more to protect American values by keeping out people who don't support those values.

Across all these questions, opinions are sharply divided by party. Democrats are just as apt to oppose the executive order (88%) as Republicans are to support it (88%); independents tilt against, with 54% opposed. Republicans are 10 times as likely as Democrats to say the order makes the US safer (83% of Republicans vs. 8% of Democrats), and their opinions are again 180 degrees apart when asked about its impact on American values (80% of Republicans say it protects them while 81% of Democrats say it harms them).

There is also a sharp partisan divide on whether America should accept Syrian refugees generally, with 73% of Democrats in favor compared with just 30% of Republicans. Support for accepting refugees has risen across partisan divides since late 2015, however, from 38% support in late 2015 to 54% now, including 13-point increases in support among both Democrats and Republicans.

Considering another executive order from the first days of the Trump presidency, Americans remain largely opposed to building a wall along the entire border with Mexico. In September, 41% favored that; 38% do so now. Opposition to the construction of a border wall now stands at 60%. Trump ordered immediate construction of the wall through an executive order signed less than a week after taking office, but the order does not address funding for the wall. Those in favor of building it support the Trump administration's proposal to fund it through import taxes on goods imported from Mexico by a wide margin.

Assessing Trump's work on a range of issues so far, majorities disapprove of Trump's handling of immigration (56%), foreign affairs (55%) and terrorism (53%). Half (50%) disapprove of his handling of health care policy as he seeks to roll back the provisions of Obamacare, while 42% approve of his work on health care. Americans are split, 49% approve to 46% disapprove, on his handling of national security. The economy remains Trump's bright spot, with 49% approving vs. 43% disapproving.

A broad majority, 78%, say the way Trump has handled the presidency so far is how they expected him to, with just 21% saying the way he's handling the job is unexpected. Still, those who have been surprised by his work don't see it as a pleasant one: 17% say it's been a bad thing vs. 3% who say he's performed unexpectedly well.

The CNN/ORC poll was conducted by telephone January 31 through February 2 among a random national sample of 1,002 adults. Results for the full sample have a margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points, it is larger for subgroups.
====End Article====

====Article #25====
*TITLE: Former child bride wants at least $5 million from polygamist leader Warren Jeffs
*URL: http://fox13now.com/2017/02/05/former-child-bride-wants-5-million-from-polygamous-leader-warren-jeffs/
*AUTHORS: ['Ben Winslow']
*ARTICLE: SALT LAKE CITY — A former child bride who brought a criminal prosecution against Fundamentalist LDS Church leader Warren Jeffs has asked a judge to give her millions in a civil judgment against him.

In court papers obtained by FOX 13, Elissa Wall’s attorneys ask the judge for at least $5 million — with interest — in a default judgment against Jeffs and his polygamous church.

“Plaintiff Elissa Wall is entitled to punitive damages, which should be determined by this Court through an evidentiary hearing. If punitive damages are appropriate, the default judgment should be augmented accordingly,” her attorney Alan Mortensen wrote in his motion.

Mortensen told FOX 13 on Monday a judge would determine the appropriate amount of judgment, which could be more than the $5 million cited in court papers. They are seeking a hearing to liquidate Jeffs and the FLDS Church’s assets.

“It would include going after any properties Warren Jeffs and the FLDS Church may own, regardless of where they’re at,” he said.

In addition to properties in Hildale, Utah, and Colorado City, Ariz., the FLDS Church has a compound in South Dakota and in British Columbia, in Canada. The state of Texas seized the FLDS Church’s “Yearning For Zion” Ranch following a 2008 raid that resulted in hundreds of children being removed from their homes (and later returned) and criminal convictions of numerous church members, including Jeffs.

Wall sued Jeffs, the FLDS Church and its real-estate holdings arm, the United Effort Plan Trust, over her marriage at age 14 to her cousin in a ceremony presided over by Jeffs. She was the star witness in Utah’s prosecution against him on a charge of rape as an accomplice (that was later overturned by the Utah Supreme Court).

The case languished in the courts for years until she resurrected it in 2014. In court documents, she sought as much as $40 million from Jeffs, the FLDS Church, and the UEP Trust. Wall reached a settlement with the court-controlled UEP Trust last year. It was taken over by the courts in 2005 over accusations that Jeffs and other top FLDS leaders mismanaged it.

Jeffs is currently serving a life sentence in a Texas prison for child sex assault related to underage “marriages.” He has consistently refused to respond to lawsuits filed against him since he was sentenced. In a deposition obtained by FOX 13, Jeffs refused to answer most questions posed by attorneys.
====End Article====

====Article #26====
*TITLE: College credit hours are a waste of money (Opinion)
*URL: http://cnn.com/2015/03/30/opinions/laitinen-credit-hour/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Amy Laitinen']
*ARTICLE: Amy Laitinen is deputy director for higher education at New America. She previously served as a policy adviser to the undersecretary and assistant secretary for vocational and adult education at the U.S. Department of Education and the White House. This is the latest in a series, "Big Ideas for a New America," in which the think tank New America spotlights experts' solutions to the nation's greatest challenges. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) The cost of college has rapidly increased over the past 30 years. Students today face annual costs, between tuition and living, that can easily exceed $10,000 at a community college, $18,000 at a public four-year college (in-state), and $40,000 at a private four-year school. It's unsurprising that today's students often graduate with large debt loads. More than two-thirds of students graduate with debt. And the average amount of debt owed is about $30,000 .

Given the cost of college, students and families need to know that they're making a good investment. That's why we need to move to a system where we measure learning outcomes, not just time spent in a classroom accumulating credits.

A college degree is the only sure path to middle-class security, and because young people and their parents know that, the cost of college, and the availability of loans and other aid, has become a powerful political issue. But for all the attention paid to the price of college, we haven't given enough thought to whether students and their families are getting their money's worth. Is American higher education worth the price? Are students and their families getting what they're paying for?

There's plenty of evidence that for many of them, the answer is no. In 2006, a government study found that nearly 70% of college graduates could not perform basic tasks like comparing opposing editorials. In a 2011 book, "Academically Adrift," researchers studied 2,000 students at two dozen universities over four years and found that 45% of them showed no significant gains on a test of critical thinking, complex reasoning, and communication skills after two years of college. Even at the end of four years, 36% of the students hadn't gained those skills.

Given the evidence, maybe it's not a surprise that employers aren't impressed by recent college graduates.

Employers want the skills that higher education says it provides to students: the ability to critically think, communicate, work in a team, write effectively, and adapt. Yet only about one-quarter of employers say that colleges and universities are doing a good job in preparing students effectively for the challenges of today's global economy. A recent Gallup poll found that only 11% of business leaders strongly agreed that college graduates have the skills necessary to succeed on the job. In addition to money, these graduates have spent hours and hours in classrooms and taking tests, but the time doesn't seem to have translated into learning.

Why is this? Perhaps it's as simple as this: We measure education in terms of time, rather than learning. A four-year degree attests that you have acquired 120 credits. That's an accidental result of the credit hour system, which was created by philanthropist Andrew Carnegie more than 100 years ago, for the purpose of providing struggling professors with pensions.

At the turn of the 20th century, Carnegie created a $10 million free pension fund to help professors retire. The Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching, which was set up to administer the fund, determined that only "full-time" faculty would qualify for pensions, which they defined as teaching 12 "credit units," with each unit equal to one hour of faculty-student contact time per week, over a 15-week semester. While originally a narrow measure of faculty workload, the credit hour quickly morphed into much more. The Carnegie Foundation warned against using the credit hour as a proxy for student learning, but the temptation of an easy-to-understand and seemingly standardized measure was too great to resist. It just made organizing the whole higher education enterprise much easier.

If credit hours truly reflected a standardized unit of learning, they would be fully transferable across institutions. An hour in Arizona is an hour in New York. But colleges routinely reject credits earned at other colleges, suggesting that even though they use credit hours themselves, they know they are not a reliable measure of how much students have learned. Many students, however, believe the fiction that the credit hour is a standardized currency and assume that credits will transfer from one school to the next. This is an unfortunate and costly assumption, as community college students in Louisiana will tell you.

Until recently, Louisiana students with an associate degree typically lost between 21 and 24 credits when transferring to a four-year state school. That's a year of time and money lost. Given that nearly 60% of students in the United States attend two or more colleges, the nontransfer of credits has huge costs, not only to individuals, but also to the federal government and states that are financing this duplicative classroom time. If higher education doesn't trust its own credits, why should anyone else? And Louisiana students aren't alone; transfer students across the country lose credits, which lengthens their time to get a degree.

So we have two problems: Students who have earned credits -- at great expense in time and money-- can't use or transfer them. Others who have accumulated costly credits haven't learned much.

And then there's a third dimension: Millions of people who have learned a great deal have no "credit" because they learned it at the wrong place — that is to say, not at a "college." Someone who has spent the last 10 years working as a nurse's aid in a hospital who decides to go get a nursing degree has to start from scratch, taking introductory courses he could probably teach, because colleges treat those without credits as blank slates. Employees at a biotech company with a high-quality on-the-job training program might learn more than someone in a two-year college science program, but unless this training is attached to an accredited institution of higher learning, the learning won't "count." For the millions of adult workers looking to retrain and reskill, the focus on time rather than learning, especially when between family and work, their time is scarce, is a daunting proposition.

State and federal governments add to the problem, because while they spend hundreds of billions on higher education each year, most of it is for time served, in the form of credit hours, rather than learning achieved.

We need to stop counting time and start counting learning.

What could that look like? We don't have to wonder; some schools are experimenting with measuring learning rather than time—some for decades. One relatively new program is Southern New Hampshire University's College for America, or CfA , an online "competency-based" Associate of Arts degree aimed at working adults. The program has no courses, no credit hours and no grades. The school has broken down what students with a degree from CfA should know and be able to do, what it calls competencies. CfA worked closely with employers to identify the competencies employers were looking for, like communication, critical thinking and teamwork. Then faculty designed real-world tasks and projects to determine whether students had mastered each competency.

Unlike in credit-hour courses, CfA has no seat-time requirements. Students can move through the program as quickly as they can demonstrate mastery of the competencies. Someone who worked at a PR firm might whiz through the communications competencies and spend more time on the math competencies. And the faster students can progress, the less they will ultimately pay. Students pay $1,250 for all-they-can-learn in six months.

This means they can spend their precious time and money learning what they don't already know, rather than wasting it on what they already do. Students at CfA can be confident that their time and money are well spent and, at the end, they will have a very clear picture of what they know and can do. CfA is not the only one to offer this to students, nor the only model. Hundreds of schools, from Antioch to the University of Michigan to Purdue University, are looking to offer competency-based certificate, associate, and baccalaureate degree programs. How are universities staying afloat financially with such low tuition? In many cases, the answer is surprisingly simple—and, sadly, not commonplace in higher education—by focusing on what students need in order to, wait for it, learn. Fancy amenities, great football teams and sprawling college campuses may bring attention, but they have little to nothing to do with student learning. Some competency-based programs don't focus on research -- faculty are hired for specific expertise, like curriculum design, English literature or advising. Other programs use technology and data analytics to help students and faculty understand where students are doing well and where they are struggling. This allows for more targeted, personalized support by faculty.

There is, however, a downside for students: Self-paced competency-based programs do not fit in neatly with the historically time-based credit hour, making it difficult for students in these types of programs to receive state and federal support. Without access to these dollars, the programs will remain one-offs and unavailable to the majority of Americans who could use them.

Only recently has the federal government recognized the role it could play in encouraging the move from seat time to learning by redirecting some of its nearly $150 billion-plus financial aid budget. The U.S. Department of Education is encouraging innovation by colleges looking to experiment with alternatives to the credit hour , and there is strong bipartisan interest in both the House and Senate to explore innovative ways of paying for learning, rather than time.

As higher education becomes increasingly necessary and expensive, measuring time rather than learning is a luxury that students, taxpayers and the nation can no longer afford. Paying for what students learn and can do, rather than how or where they spent their time, would go a long way toward providing students and the nation with desperately needed, high-quality degrees and credentials.
====End Article====

====Article #27====
*TITLE: School fundraising letters signed by fictitious boy
*URL: http://cnn.com/2014/11/17/us/south-dakota-indian-school-fundraising-investigation/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['David Fitzpatrick', 'Drew Griffin', 'Cnn Investigations']
*ARTICLE: Story highlights St. Joseph's Indian School raises over $50 million annually from donations

It sends waves of mailings across the country asking for help

A Native American leader denounces the tactics, calling them "poverty porn"

The school admits that the author of a begging letter does not exist

The boy's stories are heartbreaking: "My dad drinks and hits me ... my mom chose drugs over me ... my home on the reservation isn't a safe place for me to be," wrote Josh Little Bear. His request seems reasonable -- send a few dollars to help St. Joseph's Indian School to keep "kids like me safe ... so we don't have to live this way anymore."

But Josh Little Bear doesn't exist. It's not just a pseudonym to protect a child. The story is a fabrication, a compiling of events that may or may not have happened to paint a broad picture that Native American leaders say does not exist.

Officials at St. Joseph's Indian School -- a 200-person boarding school in Chamberlain, South Dakota, that's affiliated with a Roman Catholic charity based in Wisconsin -- say they send out waves of mailings three or four times a year.

Flags fly at the entrance to St. Joseph's Indian School.

The latest, a Christmas-oriented mailer, was sent in early November, according to the school's director of communications.

The packets include calendars, personalized return address stickers, notepads, elaborate stickers and a so-called "Dreamcatcher," a Native American handicraft that by tradition gives its owners good dreams.

The Christmas appeal introduced "Emily High Elk." A year ago when her family brought her to the school, the letter says, "(y)ou could see the hopelessness she felt in her dark brown eyes."

Now, the letter goes on, "her big bright smile reveals how her life has changed."

But again, "Emily High Elk," is more than a pseudonym. The girl whose life is described in the letter does not exist.

Children walk through the school after classes.

According to its financial statements, St. Joseph's Indian School raised more than $51 million last year from millions of Americans who donated because of those mailings.

CNN began receiving complaints about mailings like this more than two years ago. When asked about Josh Little Bear's letter, Kory Christianson, the director of development, wrote us that there was no such student

"The name 'Josh Little Bear' is fictitious," he wrote, "but unfortunately, his story is not."

The letter, he added, "is a true story of the very real and challenging situations that far too many children face not only in the Native American community, but in families found in every sphere of society." He said it wasn't the "intention to disparage in any way the Native American community."

But some Native Americans say there is deliberate disparagement and that it's a marketing technique. A half-hour drive away from St. Joseph's is the Crow Creek Lakota Sioux reservation in central South Dakota, where its vice chairman, Leonard Pease, scoffed at the fundraising letter.

A sculpture of a teepee at St. Joseph's Indian School.

"That's how they get their money," he told CNN. "To me, they make the Indians look bad."

Michael Roberts, president of the First Nations Development Institute that aims to strengthen and support Native communities, went further. He termed the fundraising letter and the admission that the child is nonexistent as "poverty porn."

"They are raising money in the name of Indians, using the worst of poverty porn of all Indian country to raise money on all our social ills," said Roberts, whose Colorado-based group represents six Native American nonprofit organizations.

It seems that the money being raised is being used for the right reasons, as far as CNN could see. We were given a tour of the school but were not allowed to film. The complex, on the banks of the Missouri River, looks like a nice place and the children seemed happy, well-fed and well-housed.

We tried unsuccessfully to interview the leadership of St. Joseph's. The communications director, Jona Ohm, first invited us to meet the school president at the small museum operated by the school.

A view of the campus of St. Joseph's Indian School, on the banks of the Missouri River.

The president, Mike Tyrell, acknowledged that the mailings "push the edge" of marketing and asking about them "is a legitimate question." But Ohm told us to stop.

"You don't have permission to record in any way, shape or form," she said.
====End Article====

====Article #28====
*TITLE: VA Benefits help Save Thousands on their Mortgage
*URL: https://www.lendingtree.com/info/federal-va-benefits-save-veterans-thousands-a-year-on-mortgages?esourceid=6208986&cchannel=bd&cname=cnn&cproduct=valoan&csource=cnn&siteid=va-mortgage-TravelSection
*AUTHORS: ['Jarret Ditoro', 'Updated July']
*ARTICLE: If you're a veteran, you may want to make a quick spot check to ensure you're receiving the full value of the VA benefits to which you're entitled. Among the most valuable of these are mortgage benefits which, when properly accessed, have a staggering average lifetime value of $42k.*

Benefits apply to vets who own homes as well as those who do not.

Skim to the benefits that best apply to you.

I am a veteran and DO NOT own a home

The VA has been helping veterans buy homes less expensively since 1944, offering the following tremendous benefits:

0% down payment : Many people think they can't buy a home unless they've saved tens of thousands for a down payment. While this may be true for most people, it is not true for qualified veterans. Vets can access this program to buy a home with 0% down. With rates as low as they are now, you'll likely be surprised at how much house you can afford when buying vs. renting. See if you qualify >

: Many people think they can't buy a home unless they've saved tens of thousands for a down payment. While this may be true for most people, it is not true for qualified veterans. Vets can access this program to buy a home with 0% down. With rates as low as they are now, you'll likely be surprised at how much house you can afford when buying vs. renting. See if you qualify > Reduced payments and lower interest : The federal government guarantees VA mortgages, allowing approved lenders to offer lower rates. In fact, between rates that average a little under half a point less, and the fact that vets do not have to pay private mortgage insurance, VA loan payments on a $250k mortgage average about $3,100 less than a conventional loan. See VA rates >

: The federal government guarantees VA mortgages, allowing approved lenders to offer lower rates. In fact, between rates that average a little under half a point less, and the fact that vets do not have to pay private mortgage insurance, VA loan payments on a $250k mortgage average about $3,100 less than a conventional loan. See VA rates > Prequalification : Getting prequalified is the best way to start testing the home buying market. It costs nothing to do it, but lets you know exactly how much house and what benefits you actually qualify for. Plus, touring homes with a prequal letter from a VA lender in your pocket will make sellers sit up and take you more seriously as a potential buyer. Start the Prequalification process >

I am a veteran and DO own a home

Benefits for veterans who already own a home fall into two categories:

I previously purchased WITHOUT getting VA benefits : The good news for those who didn't tap into their benefits when they bought a home is that they still can. Even better news is that the average savings for those who refinance from a conventional mortgage to a mortgage with VA benefits is a healthy $3,100 a year. Just think about how far an extra $3,100 a year can go. See how to transition to a mortgage with VA benefits >

: The good news for those who didn't tap into their benefits when they bought a home is that they still can. Even better news is that the average savings for those who refinance from a conventional mortgage to a mortgage with VA benefits is a healthy $3,100 a year. Just think about how far an extra $3,100 a year can go. See how to transition to a mortgage with VA benefits > I already have a VA mortgage : One of the most powerful features of a VA mortgage is the possibility of easily reducing your existing rate by making a "Streamline Refinance" or IRRRL. This is a simple process that can be completed without an appraisal and without any out-of-pocket expenses. It's far simpler than the original loan because you don't need another Certificate of Eligibility. Effectively it's a scan for lower rates, and if a lower rate is available, a reduction of your payment to that lower rate. See if an IRRRL can reduce your current rate >

* Average value calculated on a $250,000 mortgage, and come from an average rate reduction of .5% (worth $840 annually), and the elimination of PMI (worth $2,292 annually until equity threshold.
====End Article====

====Article #29====
*TITLE: Dylann Roof is evil. Don't kill him
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/01/13/opinions/dont-put-dylann-roof-to-death-filipovic/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Jill Filipovic']
*ARTICLE: Story highlights Jill Filipovic: Dylann Roof, sentenced to death, neither wants nor deserves mercy. But he should not be put to death

She says: State-sanctioned killing is the province of authoritarian states. The US must not be in business of killing for revenge

Jill Filipovic is a journalist based in New York and Nairobi and the author of the forthcoming book, "The H-Spot: The Feminist Pursuit of Happiness." Follow her on Twitter. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) "How do you justify saving one life when you took nine, and in such a brutal fashion?"

Jill Filipovic

This was the question Melvin Graham put to reporters this week after Dylann Roof was sentenced to death for murder. In 2015, Roof was welcomed into a Bible study at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina, where he opened fire and shot dead nine people.

Graham's sister, Cynthia Hurd was among them. Roof, a white supremacist, was clearly guilty and has never expressed remorse for the killings.

If there was ever a man who deserves no sympathy and to whom the word "evil" so obviously applies, it is Roof. There is no punishment befitting such an awful crime.

Still, those of us who believe in basic human rights and fundamental human dignity have to say that even these ugliest of criminals should not be killed by the state. The mandates of our Constitution, and not the Bible's "eye for an eye" provision, should dictate how we structure our criminal justice system; that's why the state curtails the liberty of people who steal rather than cutting off their hands.

Read More
====End Article====

====Article #30====
*TITLE: 'A day without a woman' -- Women's March organizers plan general strike
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/06/politics/general-strike-womens-march/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Eli Watkins']
*ARTICLE: Story highlights The Women's March is now calling for a general strike

Millions gathered for marches across the world last month

Washington (CNN) The organizers of last month's Women's March announced Monday their intention to hold a general strike at a date to be determined.

Posts across the official social media accounts for the Women's March read: "General Strike: A Day Without A Woman," with a subhead saying, "Date To Be Announced."

The will of the people will stand. pic.twitter.com/SKJCRLhRKn — Women's March (@womensmarch) February 6, 2017

The Women's March began with a call for a march on Washington the day after President Donald Trump's inauguration. After millions showed up for events across the world, including a massive turnout within the nation's capital itself, the organizers committed to building the event into an effective movement.

The Women's March website lists a series of 10 actions to be undertaken within the first 100 days of the Trump presidency. The first three actions listed involved organizing and contacting elected representatives.

But the call for a general strike would be a return to the streets and a physical jab at the economy.

Read More
====End Article====

====Article #31====
*TITLE: Japan repeats history with record-breaking Maglev train
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/10/31/asia/japan-record-breaking-maglev-train/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Andrea Lo']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) When the record-breaking Shinkansen high-speed rail line opened in 1964, it was perfect timing.

That year Tokyo hosted the Summer Olympics, and Japan hogged the spotlight to debut the world's first commercial bullet train.

In 2020, the Japanese capital will host the Summer Olympics, and if you're getting deja vu that's because the Asian nation is once again shattering rail records.

The new Japanese maglev became the fastest train in the world after traveling at 374 miles per hour (603 kilometers per hour) on a test run near Mount Fuji last year, breaking its own world record of 366 miles per hour (590 km per hour), set the previous week.

Maglev trains -- already operating at slower speeds in Shanghai and Changsha, in China, and Incheon, in South Korea -- use magnetic repulsion both to levitate the train up from the ground, which reduces friction, and to propel it forward.

It is perhaps Japan's boldest rail innovation yet.

A long journey made short

The Chuo Shinkansen maglev line will link Tokyo to the southern city of Nagoya in 40 minutes -- arguably making the maglev faster than flying, given the time it takes to get through an airport. There are plans to later extend the line to Osaka.

The 16-carriage train will be able to shuttle 1,000 passengers along the 177 mile (286 km) track.

Tomoaki Seki, a manager at the Central Japan Railway Company, which is developing the maglev line, says the company has been testing the technology since 1997.

By the time it opens in 2027, the service will have undergone 30 years of refinement.

Why is developing the maglev line taking so long?

During a test run, in 1997, it had already reached a speed of 342 miles per hour (550 kilometers per hour), but the company says it needed to do more testing to bring the technology to the necessary safety standards, and make it a cost efficient service.

"We are refining our technology and verifying ways to reduce costs in operation, maintenance and construction," says Seki.

"There are people who wanted to have the maglev service as early as possible, but the construction takes time."

From the ground up

So, how does the 2020 Olympics rail breakthrough compare to the bullet train unveiled for the 1964 Tokyo games?

For a start, they're both somewhat political moves.

Japan's first high-speed railway between Tokyo and Osaka wasn't built solely for the sake of improving internal transport.

It was also an opportunity to show the world that Japan could outperform Western countries in engineering, after the economic devastation it suffered following the end of World War II.

Sure enough, the world took notice.

France swiftly followed in Japan's footsteps installing the Train à Grande Vitesse (TGV) in the 1970s, which set speed records in 2007. The Intercity-Express, which began service in Germany in 1985, still operates between major cities in the country; its trains are among the fastest high-speed trains in the world.

For Japan today, the need to revive its pioneering rail reputation is crucial.

A Shinkansen bullet train pictured in Tokyo.

With a world record to its name, the maglev -- although not operational until 2027 -- heralds a new era in Japanese engineering.

The 2020 Olympics provide the perfect chance to highlight this achievement to the world.

It could have economic consequences, too. Japan is looking to sell the technology to the United States, Seki says.

"Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe is a big fan of this project. He's proposing a route from Washington to New York, [at a speed] equivalent to Tokyo to Nagoya."

Smooth operator

As well as speed, Japan as an impeccable international reputation for safety.

The country's high-speed trains have recorded zero accidents leading to serious injury or fatality in nearly six decades.

Seki says members of the public have been offered test rides on the maglev, and feedback has been positive, with riders commenting that the new train ride feels "very smooth".

I'm getting a rare ride on the world's fastest train! #Maglev can go 603kph (374mph) or about 1 mile (1.5km) in 10 seconds! #OnJapan #CNN pic.twitter.com/Y73xhraabv — Will Ripley (@willripleyCNN) October 12, 2016

Passengers on the maglev, plus residents of nearby cities, need not worry about noise pollution, due to Japan's strict noise regulations.

"We are going to build a rounded hood around the maglev, so the noise is reduced to within regulation standards," says Seki.

Digging deep

"To build the Chuo Shinkansen is going to take a lot -- we have to dig lots of tunnels," says Seki.

Instead of building through the country's mountainous terrain much of the Maglev's tracks are being laid deep underground.

A Japanese law passed in 2001 means that developers constructing spaces for public use more than 131 feet (40 meters) underground don't need to purchase the land above the ground where they are building.

This has made it easy for the maglev developers to pick direct routes under urban areas, such as Tokyo and Nagoya, Seki explains.

But it also means iconic shots of a bullet train zooming past Mount Fuji are things of the past, as 86% of the maglev track will be underground.

For Seki, it's a small price to pay for such speed.

"By completing this maglev line, I think the government is expecting bigger economical development in Japan. It will reduce travel time while also stimulating movement (between cities)," says Seki.

"It will change business activities and people's lifestyles."
====End Article====

====Article #32====
*TITLE: 20 dead in suicide blast outside Afghan Supreme Court in Kabul
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/07/world/afghanistan-explosion/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Ehsan Popalzai', 'Chandrika Narayan']
*ARTICLE: Story highlights Suicide attacker targeted Supreme Court employees, police say

At least 35 wounded in blast at a parking lot near Supreme Court, hospital official says

Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) At least 20 people are dead after a suicide blast Tuesday outside Afghanistan's Supreme Court in Kabul, police and other officials told CNN.

A suicide bomber detonated his explosives in a parking near the court in the Afghan capital, according to Basir Mojahid, spokesman for Kabul's chief of police.

The attack at around 3:45 p.m. local time targeted Supreme Court employees as they were leaving for the day, Mojahid said.

At least 35 people were wounded in the blast, according to Saleem Rasooli, head of Kabul hospitals.

There have been no initial claims of responsibility.

Read More
====End Article====

====Article #33====
*TITLE: Sacred sea: Russia's vast and remote Lake Baikal
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/02/15/travel/russia-lake-baikal/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Daniel Allen', 'For Cnn']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) Vast as a sea and deep as an ocean trench, Russia's Lake Baikal is one of the world's great natural wonders.

With a surface area bigger than Belgium, it contains nearly one quarter of all the world's freshwater, which is more than the five American Great Lakes combined.

Baikal is truly a lake of superlatives.

The Earth's deepest inland body of water, its massive stone basin is so large that all of the rivers on the planet would take an entire year to fill it.

While more than 300 rivers flow in, only one -- the Angara -- flows out, eventually draining into the Arctic Ocean, hundreds of kilometers to the north.

Read More
====End Article====

====Article #34====
*TITLE: West Virginia's 'forgotten tribe'; why the white working class feels left behind
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/09/20/politics/election-2016-white-working-class-donald-trump-kaiser-family-foundation/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Story Juana Summers', 'Video Jeff Simon']
*ARTICLE: White, Working-Class and Worried is a CNN partnership with the Kaiser Family Foundation - an extensive survey of white, working-class Americans and voters, who form a backbone of the support for Donald Trump. Watch Anderson Cooper 360 and CNN.com for reports throughout the week.

Welch, West Virginia (CNN) Each morning for the last 65 years, 93-year-old Ed Shepard has walked to work to open up the Union 76 service station, here in rolling hills of West Virginia coal country.

When he looks out his window, he can see a sweeping mural that shows what life in Welch used to be like. A United Cigars shop on one side of the street, a Western Union sign on the other. Lines of cars stretch into the distance. Even Shepard himself -- who is as much a fixture of Welch as any of its buildings -- is in the mural, a blue cap perched on his head.

"There wasn't ten square feet in this town that didn't have a successful business in it, a business of every kind," Shepard said in an interview. "No matter what you wanted or needed, you could buy it in Welch."

Those were better days.

Now it's a place, people who live here say, that politicians use as a convenient photo op and that the federal government has left behind, a sentiment common among white working class voters. 56% of non-college educated whites say the government in Washington does not represent them, according to a new poll conducted by CNN and the Kaiser Family Foundation. And two-thirds say they are dissatisfied with the influence people like them have on politics.

Locals referred to the once-bustling Welch as "Little New York," but now the town and the county around it are slowly slipping away. The storefronts are empty. The buildings and houses here are now crumbling with decay. Shepard used to take checks to the bank each Monday -- sometimes $1,000, sometimes $1,500. He hasn't had to do that in four or five years he said, because he hasn't had one customer in that long.

"It's depressing to watch the population disappear, the businesses disappear and the activity stop. Back in the 50s, 60s and 70s, it was hard to walk up the sidewalk because there was so many people. Now you walk up the sidewalk and there's nobody." -- Ed Shepard, 93.

"It's depressing to watch the population disappear, the business disappear and the activity to stop," he said. "Back in the 50s, 60s, 70s, it'd be hard to walk up the sidewalk because there was so many people. Now you walk up the sidewalk and there's nobody."

McDowell County's population is just 19,835 down from 100,000 in the 1950s. That decline is expected to continue. West Virginia University economists estimate that McDowell will continue to lose residents at a rate of 1% each year.

Some, particularly in rural areas like McDowell County, say the government's at fault. Rural working class whites are more likely to blame the federal government for their economic problems than their urban counterparts. Seven in ten say the federal government deserves all or most of the blame for the economic problems facing the working class, in the CNN Kaiser survey, compared with half of urban working class whites. That could explain the appeal of a candidate who is not only intent on upsetting the political system, but has at times seemed bent on breaking it down to start over again.

On this winding drive through the hilly roads of Appalachia, there are few signs signaling support for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump, but Trump is expected to do well here. West Virginia hasn't voted for a Democrat since Bill Clinton's second term. Much has changed in the last 20 years and now Clinton is seen as squarely at odds with the coal industry, which is the bedrock of Welch and the surrounding county.

No matter who wins in November, some residents of West Virginia coal country don't believe anything will change their lives. They have come to accept, as Gary Hall, a 55-year-old Trump supporter put it, "that next year is going to be worse than the last year" no matter who is president.

"When we have a natural disaster in the country, everybody shows up. We're the same as a natural disaster without the effects, without the storm, or without the flood. ... Hopefully we can get it turned around and hopefully we'll get some attention from Washington." -- Cecil Patterson, 51 (left in photo)

Hall said he felt alienated from the political process, but rejected the idea that he and other whites without college degrees were angry and flocking to Trump as a result. The CNN/Kaiser foundation survey suggests that's the case, too. Just 19% of working class white voters described themselves as angry about how things are going in their own lives.

"We're conditioned that there's really nothing you can do about it. The only thing outrage and protesting and stuff does is cause bad feelings," he said. "People are just resigned to have what they have. The ones that want to leave, the ones that can leave and want to leave leave. Everybody else just stays here."

Rural working class white voters like Hall are more likely to say America's best days are behind us and that their children will be worse off than they are today. In the CNN/Kaiser survey, 58% of rural working class whites say America's best days have come and gone and 57% say their children will be worse off compared with less than half of urban working class whites who say the same.

West Virginia is one of the nation's largest coal-producing states and McDowell County used to produce more coal than any county here. But there's been a steep downturn in coal jobs across the state due to competition with cheaper natural gas, tougher environmental rules and mechanization, and this county has seen the worst of it.

"We don't have another option," said Cecil Patterson, 51, who spent his life working in the coal industry and serves on McDowell County's county commission. "Once we shut down the coal industry here there's nowhere to go, there's nothing else to do, there's no other jobs available."

The unemployment rate here was 12.5% in July, compared with 4.9% nationwide.

When work dries up, people leave, Patterson said, doing anything they can to make ends meet.

"She [Hillary Clinton] wants to shut down the coal industry -- that's gonna put me out of a job. Wouldn't be real smart to vote for somebody who's gonna put you out of a job." -- Ryan Barnette, 34

"You can't just go to the next county here, you have to leave the state. A man tries to go out of the state, maintain an apartment, try to keep his home back up here, it just puts such a struggle on the family."

Trump won McDowell handily in West Virginia's May primary, taking 91.5% of the Republican vote -- his largest margin of victory in the country. But even before becoming his party's presumptive nominee the week prior, he was the favorite to win in the state.

During a campaign rally in West Virginia in May, Trump promised to bring back lost-coal mining jobs but hasn't said how he'd pull it off. Many people here were skeptical that he could -- but credit him with giving them hope.

And animosity toward Clinton runs high. Even months later, people still repeat -- verbatim -- the comment Clinton made that her climate change policies would "put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business."

Many people here with ties to the coal industry -- virtually everyone here is linked to it -- see Clinton's comments about coal disqualifying and Trump as their only answer.

"It ain't gonna be Hillary," said 34-year-old Ryan Barnette, his face black with soot, minutes after leaving the mine. "She wants to shut down the coal industry -- that's gonna put me out of a job."

"Our main industry has been coal. When you don't diversify and have other means, then the coal miners are laid off, either they stay and have no money to spend, which trickles down everywhere... Or they eventually have to pack up and move so that they can find work." -- Elaine LaCaria, 54

Elaine Lacaria -- known here as Laney -- was a lifelong Democrat and voted for Clinton eight years ago. But now things have changed.

"I won't vote for her again. No, never," she said in an interview in the dress shop she opened in 2008, the same year then-Senator Barack Obama was elected president.

In the eight years since then, she said things have gotten worse. Jobs have dried up, people are leaving and not coming back and addiction has ravaged this community and others near it.

"When we drive anywhere you see small town USA is no more," Lacaria said. "This has affected all of us, not just the coal fields."

Lacaria said she'll never vote for a Democrat again and this year, she'll support Trump.

"When I see Trump as a businessman, I think he will help our county definitely, but I think he will help our country as a whole. He knows what he's doing."

Patterson, who also said he plans to vote for Trump due to his support of the coal industry, said the same.

"When we wake up the morning after an election, our roads are going to be getting worse, our sewer, our water, our schools are failing, Patterson said. "They want us to keep paying more and we keep getting less, so there's my take on where we're at the day after the election."

"We look different, we talk different, and people seem to think we don't exist. But if you're hungry, we'll split our last meal with you. If you're cold, we'll get you some kind of--to stay warm. We give everything that we got. And we get nothing back." -- Vira Rose, 69

Others, like 69-year-old Vira Rose, say no politician or government got them in this position. And they don't expect to be saved.

Rose, who was one of the first women to work as a mine foreman in the area, owns her own auto repair shop. She once sold new tires, now a stack of used tires for sale sits outside of the shop. People can't afford new ones anymore, she said.

"Sometimes I come here at 8 a.m., I get out of here at 8 or 9 at night. Any job comes, you don't turn it down and say tomorrow. If you say tomorrow, tomorrow won't be here. You grab it, you do it -- then you help others," she said. "We're the forgotten tribe."

She has no faith in Clinton or Trump.

"What am I gonna do? I'm not gonna vote for neither damn one of them," Rose said. "Because there's not much difference, there's really not."
====End Article====

====Article #35====
*TITLE: Facts still matter on US terror threat
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/04/opinions/facts-matter-terror-threat-aslan/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Reza Aslan']
*ARTICLE: Reza Aslan is the author of "Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth" and the host of CNN's new original series " Believer With Reza Aslan ," which premieres at 10 p.m. ET March 5. The views expressed are his own.

(CNN) It's been nearly a week since a self-described fan of Donald Trump walked into a mosque in Quebec City and opened fire, killing six worshipers . The President has, at the time of writing, yet to publicly acknowledge the massacre , let alone offer any public words of condolence.

Thus far, the only mention of the tragedy by the White House has been by Trump's Press Secretary, Sean Spicer, who, in a mind-boggling display of disinformation, called it "a terrible reminder of why we must remain vigilant and why the President is taking steps to be proactive instead of reactive when it comes to our nation's safety and security."

Spicer's statement left the press corps baffled. He seemed to be suggesting that a far-right, ultra-nationalist, white supremacist, radicalized by social media into murdering Muslims, somehow proved Trump's position on the need to focus on the threat of Islamic terrorism.

As Philip Bump of the Washington Post put it : "The clear implication was that the incident in Quebec proved that his actions on terrorism and immigration were necessary, though it's not clear how that is the case."

Well, we now have some sense as to why the White House has not only been silent about the Quebec City massacre, but has used it to advance what the New York Times calls a "deeply suspicious view of Islam" indicative of a troubling "strain of anti-Islamic theorizing."

An exclusive report by Reuters suggests the White House is planning to "revamp and rename a US government program designed to counter all violent ideologies so that it focuses solely on Islamist extremism." According to Reuters, the program, "Countering Violent Extremism" will be renamed "Countering Islamic Extremism" or "Countering Radical Islamic Extremism," and will reportedly "no longer target groups such as white supremacists" who have been responsible for the vast majority of terrorist attacks on American soil in the last 15 years. In Trump's world, it seems, the only extremism that matters is Islamic extremism.

But let's pretend, for a moment, that facts actually matter, especially when it comes to the safety of American citizens. Here are the facts about terrorism in the United States:

Americans are almost seven times as likely to be killed by a white extremist than by an Islamic one, according to one study.

Citing a 2013 study, the New York Times notes: "Right-wing extremists averaged 337 attacks per year in the decade after 9/11, causing a total of 254 fatalities."

According to the Anti-Defamation League, "domestic extremist killers" killed more people in 2015 than any other year since Oklahoma City in 1995 (In fact, here is a list of radical right wing terrorist plots, conspiracies and attacks since 1995).

These facts explain why, according to the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security , "law enforcement agencies in the United States consider anti-government violent extremists, not radicalized Muslims, to be the most severe threat of political violence that they face."

Indeed, in a survey the New York Times conducted in 2015, "74% of law enforcement agencies reported anti-government extremism as one of the top three terrorist threats in their jurisdiction."

So, considering the facts, why might the White House choose to stop targeting what is almost unanimously considered to be the gravest domestic terrorist threat to Americans and to focus instead solely on Islamic terrorism? The answer is simple: Trump is playing to an influential part of his constituency. After all, these people form the radical core of his political support. They are the people who helped put him in the White House.

Just ask Andrew Anglin , a 32-year-old skinhead and publisher of the Neo-Nazi site Daily Stormer, who urged his readers to "do whatever they can to make Donald Trump President."

Or listen to the white nationalist Kevin MacDonald, who praised Trump for "saying what White Americans have been actually thinking for a very long time."

Or read the white nationalist website American Renaissance, which hailed Trump as "the last hope for a president who would be good for white people."

Trump didn't just become the white nationalist candidate because his positions reflected their ideology. He became their candidate because, as Mother Jones notes , "he amplified their message." As one member of the Ku Klux Klan told the magazine, "the success of the Trump campaign just proves that our views resonate with millions."

No wonder there have been such celebrations among these groups. One user on the white nationalist site Storm Front wrote this in response to Trump's order: "If we keep having days like this, we might see the end of forced integration during the Trump Presidency."

Simply put, by promising to no longer focus on white supremacist, anti-government, and right-wing extremist groups, President Trump is doing what most politicians do after being elected: he is taking care of his own.
====End Article====

====Article #36====
*TITLE: Is it ethical to colonize Mars? (Opinion)
*URL: http://cnn.com/2015/10/15/opinions/green-ethics-of-mars-settlement/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Brian Patrick Green']
*ARTICLE: Photos: Mars rover Curiosity NASA's Curiosity Mars rover took this January 19, 2016, selfie while sitting at "Namib Dune." The rover was scooping up sand from the dune to analyze. The photo combines 57 images taken during the rover's 1,228th Martian day, or Sol. The photos were taken at the end of the rover's robotic arm. Hide Caption 1 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity has snapped a selfie , which is actually a series of selfies combined. The images show the spacecraft above the "Buckskin" rock target where it drilled and collected its seventh sample of the Martian soil. Dozens of images taken on August 5 were combined to create the photo. Hide Caption 2 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The car-size NASA spacecraft landed on Mars at 1:32 a.m. EDT on August 6, 2012. Curiosity snapped the images used for this self-portrait on February 3, 2013. Hide Caption 3 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity snapped the images used in this panorama of Mount Sharp on April 10 and April 11. The rover's mission is to investigate Mount Sharp for clues about the Martian environment and how it has changed over time. Hide Caption 4 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The rover drilled this dime-sized hole to collect a sample from a rock called "Buckskin" on July 30. Hide Caption 5 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity has temperature and humidity sensors mounted on its mast. New calculations based on Curiosity's measurements indicate that Mars could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night. Hide Caption 6 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This April 10 view from the navigation camera on Curiosity shows the terrain ahead of the rover as it makes its way west through a valley called "Artist's Drive." Hide Caption 7 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The Mars rover Curiosity does a test drill on a rock dubbed "Bonanza King" to determine whether it would be a good place to dig deeper and take a sample. But after the rock shifted, the test was stopped. Hide Caption 8 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity used the equivalent of a dust broom to sweep away reddish oxidized dust from the Bonanza King rock. The rover's team decided to ditch the site and drive Curiosity toward other destinations. Hide Caption 9 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Wheel tracks from Curiosity are seen on the sandy floor of a lowland area dubbed "Hidden Valley" in this image taken August 4. Hide Caption 10 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The rover recently encountered this iron meteorite, which NASA named Lebanon. This find is similar in shape and luster to iron meteorites found on Mars by the previous generation of rovers. Hide Caption 11 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity took this nighttime photo of a hole it drilled May 5 to collect soil samples. NASA said this image combines eight exposures taken after dark on May 13. Hide Caption 12 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity An arm of Curiosity drills two holes into sandstone on May 5. The rock powder collected will be analyzed by the rover's onboard instruments. Hide Caption 13 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity NASA said the bright spot in this image taken in April could be merely a "glinting rock or cosmic-ray hit." Hide Caption 14 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This view of the twilight sky and Martian horizon, taken by Curiosity, includes Earth as the brightest point of light in the night sky. Earth is a little left of center in the image, and our moon is just below Earth. A human observer with normal vision, if standing on Mars, could easily see Earth and the moon as two distinct, bright "evening stars." Hide Caption 15 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This mosaic of images from the Navigation Camera on Curiosity shows the terrain to the west from the rover's position on the 528th Martian day, or sol, of the mission on January 30. The images were taken right after Curiosity had arrived at the eastern edge of a location called "Dingo Gap." Hide Caption 16 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity An illustration depicts the possible extent of an ancient lake inside Gale Crater, where the rover landed in August 2012. The $2.5 billion NASA mission set out to explore Gale Crater, which was thought to have once hosted flowing water. Curiosity found evidence of clay formations, or "mudstone," in the crater's Yellowknife Bay, scientists said in 2013. This clay may have held the key ingredients for life billions of years ago. It means a lake must have existed in the area. Hide Caption 17 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Martian dust appears on the surface of a penny that was brought along with the Curiosity rover and photographed by the Mars Hand Lens Imager on October 2. The image of the 1909 coin is at the highest resolution possible for the high-powered camera: 14 micrometers per pixel (a micrometer is about .000039 inches). Hide Caption 18 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The Curiosity rover took this image of a rock formation informally dubbed "Darwin." Scientists had the rover stop in this region, called Waypoint 1, because it appeared to be a prime area to study the inner makeup and history of the floor of the Gale Crater. Analysis of Darwin may provide evidence of whether water played a role in the layering of rocks in this region. Hide Caption 19 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity began a trek toward Mount Sharp after spending more than six months in the "Glenelg" area. This image was taken on July 16, 2013, after the rover passed the 1-kilometer mark for the total distance covered since the start of the mission. Hide Caption 20 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The lower slopes of Mount Sharp are visible at the top of this image, taken on July 9, 2013. The turret of tools at the end of the rover's arm, including the rock-sampling drill in the lower left corner, can also be seen. Hide Caption 21 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image, taken by the rover on July 8, 2013, shows the tracks left behind after the rover's first drive away from the "Glenelg" area. Hide Caption 22 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity drilled into a rock target called "Cumberland" on May 19, 2013, and it collected a powdered sample of material from the rock's interior. The sample will be compared to an earlier drilling at the "John Klein" site, which has a similar appearance and is about 9 feet away. Hide Caption 23 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Mars once had conditions favorable for microbial life, NASA scientists announced on March 12, 2013. One piece of evidence for that conclusion comes from this area of the Martian surface, nicknamed "Sheepbed." It shows veins of sediments that scientist believe were deposited under water and was an environment once hospitable to life. Hide Caption 24 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The rock on the left, called Wopmay, was discovered by the rover Opportunity, which arrived in 2004 on a different part of Mars. Iron-bearing sulfates indicate that this rock was once in acidic waters. On the right are rocks from Yellowknife Bay, where rover Curiosity was situated. These rocks are suggestive of water with a neutral pH, which is hospitable to life formation. Hide Caption 25 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity shows the first sample of powdered rock extracted by the rover's drill. The image was taken by Curiosity's mast camera on February 20, 2013. Hide Caption 26 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The rover drilled this hole, in a rock that's part of a flat outcrop researchers named "John Klein," during its first sample drilling on February 8, 2013. Hide Caption 27 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity's first set of nighttime photos include this image of Martian rock illuminated by ultraviolet lights. Curiosity used the camera on its robotic arm, the Mars Hand Lens Imager, to capture the images on January 22, 2013. Hide Caption 28 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Another nighttime image includes this rock called Sayunei in the Yellowknife Bay area of Mars' Gale Crater. Curiosity's front-left wheel had scraped the rock to inspect for fresh, dust-free materials in an area where drilling for rock would soon begin. Hide Caption 29 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Other night photos included this image of the calibration target for the Mars Hand Lens Imager camera at the end of the rover's robotic arm. For scale, a penny on the calibration target is three-fourths of an inch in diameter. Hide Caption 30 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity A view of what NASA describes as "veined, flat-lying rock." It was selected as the first drilling site for the Mars rover. Hide Caption 31 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity used a dust-removal tool for the first time to clean this patch of rock on the Martian surface on January 6, 2013. Hide Caption 32 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The rover captured this mosaic of images of winding rocks known as the Snake River on December 20, 2012. Hide Caption 33 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity A view of the shallow depression known as "Yellowknife Bay," taken by the rover on December 12, 2012. Hide Caption 34 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The Mars rover Curiosity recorded this view from its left navigation camera after an 83-foot eastward drive on November 18, 2012. The view is toward "Yellowknife Bay" in the "Glenelg" area of Gale Crater. Hide Caption 35 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Three "bite marks" made by the rover's scoop can be seen in the soil on Mars surface on October 15, 2012. Hide Caption 36 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The robotic arm on NASA's Mars rover Curiosity delivered a sample of Martian soil to the rover's observation tray for the first time on October 16, 2012. Hide Caption 37 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image shows part of the small pit or bite created when NASA's Mars rover Curiosity collected its second scoop of Martian soil on October 15, 2012. The rover team determined that the bright particle near the center of the image was native to Mars, and not debris from the rover's landing. Hide Caption 38 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image shows what the rover team has determined to be a piece of debris from the spacecraft, possibly shed during the landing. Hide Caption 39 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The rover's scoop contains larger soil particles that were too big to filter through a sample-processing sieve. After a full-scoop sample had been vibrated over the sieve, this portion was returned to the scoop for inspection by the rover's mast camera. Hide Caption 40 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This 360-degree panorama shows the area where the rover will spend about three weeks collecting scoopfuls of soil for examination. The photo comprises images taken from the rover's navigation camera on October 5, 2012. Hide Caption 41 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity An area of windblown sand and dust downhill from a cluster of dark rocks has been selected as the likely location for the first use of the scoop on the arm of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity. Hide Caption 42 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity cut a wheel scuff mark into a wind-formed ripple at the "Rocknest" site on October 3, 2012. This gave researchers a better opportunity to examine the particle-size distribution of the material forming the ripple. Hide Caption 43 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity NASA's Curiosity rover found evidence for what scientists believe was an ancient, flowing stream on Mars at a few sites, including the rock outcrop pictured here. The key evidence for the ancient stream comes from the size and rounded shape of the gravel in and around the bedrock, according to the Jet Propulsion Laboratory/Caltech science team. The rounded shape leads the science team to conclude they were transported by a vigorous flow of water. The grains are too large to have been moved by wind. Hide Caption 44 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This photo is an up-close look at an outcrop that also shows evidence of flowing water, according to the JPL/Caltech science team. The outcrop's characteristics are consistent with rock that was formed by the deposition of water and is composed of many smaller rounded rocks cemented together. Water transport is the only process capable of producing the rounded shape of conglomerate rock of this size. Hide Caption 45 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity completed its longest drive to date on September 26, 2012. The rover moved about 160 feet east toward the area known as "Glenelg." As of that day the rover had moved about a quarter-mile from its landing site. Hide Caption 46 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image shows the robotic arm of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity with the first rock touched by an instrument on the arm. The photo was taken by the rover's right navigation camera. Hide Caption 47 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image combines photographs taken by the rover's Mars Hand Lens Imager at three distances from the first Martian rock that NASA's Curiosity rover touched with its arm. The images reveal that the target rock has a relatively smooth, gray surface with some glinty facets reflecting sunlight and reddish dust collecting in recesses in the rock. Hide Caption 48 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This rock will be the first target for Curiosity's contact instruments. Located on a turret at the end of the rover's arm, the contact instruments include the Alpha Particle X-Ray Spectrometer for reading a target's elemental composition and the Mars Hand Lens Imager for close-up imaging. Hide Caption 49 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Researchers used the Curiosity rover's mast camera to take a photo of the Alpha Particle X-Ray Spectrometer. The image was used to see whether it had been caked in dust during the landing. Hide Caption 50 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Researchers also used the mast camera to examine the Mars Hand Lens Imager on the rover to inspect its dust cover and check that its LED lights were functional. In this image, taken on September 7, 2012, the imager is in the center of the screen with its LED on. The main purpose of Curiosity's imager camera is to acquire close-up, high-resolution views of rocks and soil from the Martian surface. Hide Caption 51 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This is the open inlet where powdered rock and soil samples will be funneled down for analysis. The image is made up of eight photos taken on September 11, 2012, by the imager and is used to check that the instrument is operating correctly. Hide Caption 52 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This is the calibration target for the imager. This image, taken on September 9, 2012, shows that the surface of the calibration target is covered with a layor of dust as a result of the landing. The calibration target includes color references, a metric bar graphic, a penny for scale comparison, and a stair-step pattern for depth calibration. Hide Caption 53 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This view of the three left wheels of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity combines two images that were taken by the rover's Mars Hand Lens Imager on September 9, 2012, the 34th day of Curiosity's work on Mars. In the distance is the lower slope of Mount Sharp. Hide Caption 54 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This view of the lower front and underbelly areas of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity was taken by the rover's Mars Hand Lens Imager. Also visible are the hazard avoidance cameras on the front of the rover. Hide Caption 55 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The penny in this image is part of a camera calibration target on NASA's Mars rover Curiosity. The image was taken by the Mars Hand Lens Imager camera. Hide Caption 56 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The rover captured this mosiac of a rock feature called 'Snake River" on December 20, 2012. Hide Caption 57 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The reclosable dust cover on Curiosity's Mars Hand Lens Imager was opened for the first time on September 8, 2012, enabling MAHLI to take this image. Hide Caption 58 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The Curiosity rover used a camera on its arm to obtain this self-portrait on September 7, 2012. The image of the top of Curiosity's Remote Sensing Mast, showing the Mastcam and Chemcam cameras, was taken by the Mars Hand Lens Imager. The angle of the frame reflects the position of the MAHLI camera on the arm when the image was taken. Hide Caption 59 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The left eye of the Mast Camera on NASA's Mars rover Curiosity took this image of the rover's arm on September 5, 2012. Hide Caption 60 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Sub-image one of three shows the rover and its tracks after a few short drives. Tracking the tracks will provide information on how the surface changes as dust is deposited and eroded. Hide Caption 61 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Sub-image two shows the parachute and backshell, now in color. The outer band of the parachute has a reddish color. Hide Caption 62 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Sub-image three shows the descent stage crash site, now in color, and several distant spots (blue in enhanced color) downrange that are probably the result of distant secondary impacts that disturbed the surface dust. Hide Caption 63 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity An image released August 27, 2012, was taken with Curiosity rover's 100-millimeter mast camera, NASA says. The image shows Mount Sharp on the Martian surface. NASA says the rover will go to this area. Hide Caption 64 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The Mars rover Curiosity moved about 15 feet forward and then reversed about 8 feet during its first test drive on August 22, 2012. The rover's tracks can be seen in the right portion of this panorama taken by the rover's navigation camera. Hide Caption 65 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity NASA tested the steering on its Mars rover Curiosity on August 21, 2012. Drivers wiggled the wheels in place at the landing site on Mars. Hide Caption 66 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Curiosity moved its robot arm on August 20, 2012, for the first time since it landed on Mars. "It worked just as we planned," said JPL engineer Louise Jandura in a NASA press release. This picture shows the 7-foot-long arm holding a camera, a drill, a spectrometer, a scoop and other tools. The arm will undergo weeks of tests before it starts digging. Hide Caption 67 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity With the addition of four high-resolution Navigation Camera, or Navcam, images, taken on August 18, 2012. Curiosity's 360-degree landing-site panorama now includes the highest point on Mount Sharp visible from the rover. Mount Sharp's peak is obscured from the rover's landing site by this highest visible point. Hide Caption 68 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This composite image, with magnified insets, depicts the first laser test by the Chemistry and Camera, or ChemCam, instrument aboard NASA's Curiosity Mars rover. The composite incorporates a Navigation Camera image taken prior to the test, with insets taken by the camera in ChemCam. The circular insert highlights the rock before the laser test. The square inset is further magnified and processed to show the difference between images taken before and after the laser interrogation of the rock. Hide Caption 69 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity An updated self-portrait of the Mars rover Curiosity, showing more of the rover's deck. This image is a mosiac compiled from images taken from the navigation camera. The wall of Gale Crater, the rover's landing site, can be seen at the top of the image. Hide Caption 70 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image shows what will be the rover's first target with it's chemistry and camera (ChemCam) instrument. The ChemCam will fire a laser at the rock, indicated by the black circle. The laser will cause the rock to emit plasma, a glowing, ionized gas. The rover will then analyze the plasma to determine the chemical composition of the rock. Hide Caption 71 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This is a close-up of the rock that will be the ChemCam's first target. Hide Caption 72 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image, cropped from a larger panorama, shows an area, near the rover's rear left wheel, where the surface material was blown away by the descent-stage rockets. Hide Caption 73 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image, with a portion of the rover in the corner, shows the wall of Gale Crater running across the horizon at the top of the image. Hide Caption 74 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image, taken from the rover's mast camera, looks south of the landing site toward Mount Sharp. Hide Caption 75 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This partial mosaic from the Curiosity rover shows Mars' environment around the rover's landing site on Gale Crater. NASA says the pictured landscape resembles portions of the U.S. Southwest. The high-resolution mosaic includes 130 images, but not all the images have been returned by the rover to Earth. The blackened areas of the mosaic are the parts that haven't been transmitted yet. See more on this panaroma on NASA's site. Hide Caption 76 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity In this portion of the larger mosaic from the previous frame, the crater wall can be seen north of the landing site, or behind the rover. NASA says water erosion is believed to have created a network of valleys, which enter Gale Crater from the outside here. Hide Caption 77 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity In this portion of the larger mosaic from the previous frame, the crater wall can be seen north of the landing site, or behind the rover. NASA says water erosion is believed to have created a network of valleys, which enter Gale Crater from the outside here. Hide Caption 78 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Two blast marks from the descent stage's rockets can be seen in the center of this image. Also seen is Curiosity's left side. This picture is a mosaic of images taken by the rover's navigation cameras. Hide Caption 79 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity A color image from NASA's Curiosity rover shows the pebble-covered surface of Mars. This panorama mosaic was made of 130 images of 144 by 144 pixels each. Selected full frames from this panorama, which are 1,200 by 1,200 pixels each, are expected to be transmitted to Earth later. Hide Caption 80 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity A panoramic photograph shows the Curiosity rover's surroundings at its landing site inside Gale Crater. The rim of Gale Crater can be seen to the left, and the base of Mount Sharp is to the center-right. Hide Caption 81 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity A partial view of a 360-degree color panorama of the Curiosity rover's landing site on Gale Crater. The panorama comes from low-resolution versions of images taken August 9, 2012, with a 34-millimeter mast camera. Cameras mounted on Curiosity's remote sensing mast have beamed back fresh images of the site. Hide Caption 82 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity NASA's Curiosity rover took this self-portrait using a camera on its newly deployed mast. Hide Caption 83 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity A close-up view of an area at the NASA Curiosity landing site where the soil was blown away by the thrusters during the rover's descent on August 6, 2012. The excavation of the soil reveals probable bedrock outcrop, which shows the shallow depth of the soil in this area. Hide Caption 84 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This color full-resolution image showing the heat shield of NASA's Curiosity rover was obtained during descent to the surface of Mars on August 13, 2012. The image was obtained by the Mars Descent Imager instrument known as MARDI and shows the 15-foot diameter heat shield when it was about 50 feet from the spacecraft. Hide Caption 85 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This first image taken by the Navigation cameras on Curiosity shows the rover's shadow on the surface of Mars. Hide Caption 86 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The color image captured by NASA's Mars rover Curiosity on August 7, 2012, has been rendered about 10% transparent so that scientists can see how it matches the simulated terrain in the background. Hide Caption 87 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image comparison shows a view through a Hazard-Avoidance camera on NASA's Curiosity rover before and after the clear dust cover was removed. Both images were taken by a camera at the front of the rover. Mount Sharp, the mission's ultimate destination, looms ahead. Hide Caption 88 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity The four main pieces of hardware that arrived on Mars with NASA's Curiosity rover were spotted by NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. The High-Resolution Imaging Science Experiment camera captured this image about 24 hours after landing. Hide Caption 89 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image is a 3-D view in front of NASA's Curiosity rover. The anaglyph was made from a stereo pair of Hazard-Avoidance Cameras on the front of the rover. Mount Sharp, a peak that is about 3.4 miles high, is visible rising above the terrain, though in one "eye" a box on the rover holding the drill bits obscures the view. Hide Caption 90 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity – This view of the landscape to the north of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity was acquired by the Mars Hand Lens Imager on the first day after landing. Hide Caption 91 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This view of the landscape to the north of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity was acquired by the Mars Hand Lens Imager on the first day after landing. Hide Caption 92 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This is one of the first pictures taken by Curiosity after it landed. It shows the rover's shadow on the Martian soil. Hide Caption 93 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Another of the first images taken by the rover. The clear dust cover that protected the camera during landing has popped open. Part of the spring that released the dust cover can be seen at the bottom right, near the rover's wheel. Hide Caption 94 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity This image shows Curiosity's main science target, Mount Sharp. The rover's shadow can be seen in the foreground. The dark bands in the distances are dunes. Hide Caption 95 of 97

Photos: Mars rover Curiosity Another of the first images beamed back from NASA's Curiosity rover on August 6, 2012, is the shadow cast by the rover on the surface of Mars. Hide Caption 96 of 97
====End Article====

====Article #37====
*TITLE: Is the NFL doing enough to test players for performance drugs?
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/05/health/performance-enhancing-drugs-nfl-investigative-explainer/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Roni Selig', 'Dr. Sanjay Gupta']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) Super Bowl Sunday is a religion of sorts for millions of Americans who gather to watch the NFL's greatest showcase.

And there's no question in George Atallah's mind that this year's game between the Atlanta Falcons and the New England Patriots is a clean one.

Atallah is director of external affairs for the NFL Players Association (NFLPA) , the pro football players' union. The NFL and the NFLPA work together under their collective bargaining agreement to determine the league's drug-testing policy.

Players "want to know that the guy across from them is not cheating," Atallah said. When asked whether the league and the union are doing everything they possibly can to catch cheaters, he said the NFLPA is "proud of (its) drug policies."

According to Sportrac , a site dedicated to tracking NFL player suspensions, 19 of the league's more than 1,600 players were suspended this past season for violating the NFL's performance-enhancing drug (PED) policy. That number is based solely on news reports, because the league and the players' association don't release that information publicly.

Former players have said PEDs, which can include human growth hormone, testosterone and even the ADHD drug Adderall, are rampant. But Atallah doesn't profess to know the degree to which NFL players are taking such drugs.

"I don't know the answer," he said. "Only the players in the locker room know."

The 'gold standard' of drug testing

When it comes to testing for PEDs, the protocols of the United States Anti-Doping Agency and its international counterpart, the World Anti-Doping Agency, have been called the "gold standard" of testing. The Us agency was created to oversee the US Olympic team and tests athletes for the Ultimate Fighting Championship , the professional mixed martial arts league.

In fact, UFC is the only professional league in the country to turn its testing over to the USADA. Major League Baseball, the NFL and others craft their testing policies as part of the collective bargaining process between the players' union and the league. And some critics say that relationship can result in putting the leagues' interest ahead of the players.

WADA began keeping and updating a list of prohibitive PEDs in 1999. To be labeled a PED, it must meet two of three criteria: It has the potential to enhance sport performance, it represents an actual or potential health risk, or it violates the "spirit of the sport."

Urijah Faber stands on the scale during the weigh-in for a UFC tournament last year.

To keep its athletes safe, the UFC wanted to have them tested under the most stringent standards. By the USADA's protocols, that means in and out of competition periods, 365 days a year.

Under USADA policy, a UFC athlete can be asked to take a drug test anywhere, anytime -- at home, at practice, even at school. Once the doping control officer has made the notification, he or she will stay with the athlete until the sample has been provided. That means the officer will watch the athlete's every move, including following them into the bathroom for the sample.

"This is the first time you guys are not waking me up at six in the morning," UFC athlete Urijah Faber , 37, told USADA doping control officer Gary Robbins after Robbins surprised Faber at his gym in Sacramento, California.

Faber, a 13-year veteran of the UFC, has been tested by the USADA 12 times. The USADA has been independently handling all UFC drug testing since 2015, including for PEDs. The UFC is deliberately hands-off.

Jeff Novitzky, vice president of athlete health and performance for the UFC, in 2016.

"We are required to keep our whereabouts known at all times," said Faber. "It I wanted to jump on a plane and go to Mexico today, I'd have to let everybody know. I can still go. There (are) no requirements as far as where I'm gonna be ... if they want to track me down and hang out in Acapulco or whatever."

All UFC athletes -- more than 530, spread across nearly 40 countries -- must comply with the athletes' 24/7 whereabouts program, which can be updated and monitored through a phone app. If a doping control officer arrives and the athlete is not at the location provided on their whereabouts, the USADA will wait 60 minutes. If a second location is provided, they will arrive there and wait another 60 minutes. If they are unable to make contact, they will call the athlete and inform them they have 60 minutes to report for testing. The doping control officer may make arrangements to meet the athlete at another location.

The USADA says that for the most part, UFC athletes have been very good about complying with its policies. It hasn't had to issue any sanctions for whereabouts failure, though there have been numerous instances of this occurring with Olympic athletes, according to the agency.

An agent for change

It was former US federal agent Jeff Novitzky, now vice president of athlete health and performance for the UFC, who was hugely instrumental in bringing the two organizations together a year and a half ago.

Novitzky got involved in the world of anti-doping in 2002 and made a name for himself for the investigation he conducted on BALCO Laboratories. It involved several dozen high-profile athletes, including baseball stars Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi and Olympian Marion Jones, who were clients of BALCO.

Novtizky has his own theory on why players dope. "There (is) always a risk-reward calculation. There is clearly a reward for a professional athlete to use these drugs. They make already gifted and great athletes even better. They make them bigger, faster, stronger, and increase endurance. When you couple that with financial incentives in professional sports today, an already great athlete using performance enhancing drugs can be even greater and make even more money than they make," he said.

"On the risk side, most of them are looking at 'how likely is it that I would get caught? How comprehensive is the anti-doping program in my sport, and what kind of sanction would I be facing if I was caught?' If the sanction is small and it's a matter of weeks or months and financially is not too severe, what athletes have told me is that it's worth the risk," said Novitzky.

But Atallah, who's been director of external affairs for the NFLPA since 2009, said he "completely" disagrees. "The average career of an NFL player is just over three years. If you get suspended for a performance-enhancing drug, the penalty (for a first-time offender) is four games. In that four games somebody else is fighting to take your job," he said.

"So I disagree with the premise that there's no risk or that the reward is greater than the risk for a professional football player to cheat. You're cutting a significant percentage of your career and potentially life earnings if you get caught doping in the NFL. That's not a small risk."

Novitzky's mission is clear. He says he wants to keep his athletes safe because he's seen the damaging effects of these substances, including death.

"Tragically in my investigations, I saw a couple of instances of young kids who got on these powerful hormonal substances. It affected their physical well -eing and their mental well-being. I've seen liver transplants," he said. "When you take someone who is not knowledgeable ... the results can be very detrimental."

Protecting the hardest-hit athletes

Not only can using PEDs complicate health matters, but in combat and contact sports, they change the level of the playing field.

Faber, now retired from the UFC, knows this firsthand.

"You're trying to mess someone up, so if somebody has something that's illegal, it's like drinking and driving or pulling the trigger on a gun, I would think," he said. "In my opinion, you're changing the weapon and not using the rules, and if somebody's life was taken or some physical damage would happen above and beyond the ordinary, you gotta look at that."

Atallah says that safety is important but that it has to be balanced with the rights of NFL players to be tested.

"It's odd to me that the anti-doping community is so fixated on labeling athletes and treating athletes as if it's a forgone conclusion that they are going to cheat," he said.

"The real issue is what you are doing (in the) anti-doping community to provide athletes with a fair due process, a recourse or a system that gives the athletes the rights to challenge any nefarious positive test."

The UFC maintains that year-round testing makes its sport safer.

"It is, without a doubt, a safer sport," said Faber. "Within training, within a fight situation ... your body is made for certain levels of torque and certain levels of explosiveness and power. So by keeping the joints where they're supposed to be and everything attached, I'm sure that injuries will be lessened."

Faber used to post his drug test results on Twitter. Novitzky encourages other athletes to apply similar positive "peer pressure" to help with buy-in from the public.

Not all PED testing is built alike

It is the UFC's goal for its testing policy to be the best anti-doping program among all professional sports, which is why it's handed the reigns over to the USADA. And that means following the USADA's 365-day testing policy, anytime, just like Olympians.

Other US pro sports leagues -- in which hard impacts are also part of the game -- simply do not adhere to the same level of transparency set by the UFC. Even the protocols themselves are not public.

The NFL, for example, is far less vigorous. Each week during the season, which runs from September to February, the NFLPA randomly selects 10 players per team to be tested for testing. Though specimens may be collected any day of the week, the collection of blood specimens is prohibited on game days, and a player cannot be asked for more than six blood tests per year.

For NFL specimens collected at a training facility or a stadium, players have up to three hours to deliver it from the time they were notified. For specimens collected anywhere else, such as their home, the player has to schedule a time for specimen collection within 24 hours of notification.

In the UFC, the doping control officer keeps an eye on the athlete from notification time to having the specimen in hand -- including watching them in the bathroom as they provide the sample. But not the NFL.

"To suggest that we need to add additional layers of voyeurism to what is already an invasive testing protocol is not necessarily going to make it more effective," said Atallah.

But Novitzky sees holes in these protocols.

"There should never be any limitations, in my experience," he said. "When 10 players have been tested from the team, they know nobody else is going to be tested that week. So that's an issue."

Another hole, he sees, is the time leniency.

"My experience in this world has shown me if you give athletes even a matter of hours of preparing for a test, there (are) things that can be done to manipulate their body to pass a test."

"The amount of blood required for (a PED) test is miniscule, it's literally two tablespoons," explained Novitzky, "which science has shown will be regenerated by the body in a matter of hours. Because of that there's no restrictions on the UFC athlete about when blood can be taken," including before or after a fight.

These differences between the UFC and the NFL amount to "small loopholes that you can drive a semi-tractor through," said Novitzky.

Testing for HGH

Why is having a blood test so crucial? It's the preferred way to measure for human growth hormone, one of the most commonly used PEDs.

"Athletes have told me anecdotally that they can work out super hard late at night and wake up feeling like a teenager the next day," Novitzky said of an advantage HGH offers.

HGH has been around since the 1970s, but 2014 was the first year the NFL began testing for it. The league has yet to uncover a single positive sample. But that may not reflect whether there is abuse.

The NFL uses an isoform test, which detects synthetic HGH. But the test has a very short detection window of just 24 to 48 hours. So if a notification is given to a player to test at home, he may have up to 24 hours before having to submit a sample. The USADA, and in turn the UFC, uses a more precise bio marker test that looks for a chemical fingerprint to detect HGH several weeks after usage.

"I think the (NFLPA) would be open to hearing from the league" about bio marker testing, said Atallah.

The USADA can also create a "biological passport" of an athlete by compiling an athlete's results over time. Such a profile can help identify changes or physiological trends that may occur in an athlete's body. The NFL destroys a player's specimens after 90 days, but the USADA can keep them for 10 years. This allows it to test them again with even more precise technology.

Why pro sports may oppose rigorous testing

The fear of decimating a team may be one reason why other sport leagues are unwilling to adopt the USADA's rigorous model of testing.

Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.

The UFC wants to show other leagues around the world that you can have a gold standard program and still have a successful business model, Novitzky said.

"You're gonna see some bumps and bruises early on. You're gonna see some big-name athletes falling by the wayside. But, eventually, over time, if you do it properly (and) gradually like we did, you'll see similar results as we've seen," he said.

In July, the UFC lost one of the fighters three days before the UFC 200 tournament, where some of its biggest names fought. The USADA called and said it had a positive test for Jon Jones, a former light heavyweight champion, who was pulled from the fight and did not compete.

"I'll tell you, athletes really looked at that and woke up and said, 'Wow, they're not kidding around. It doesn't matter who you are,' " said Novitzky.

But the NFLPA does not sound receptive to the UFC's level of year-round testing.

"We would never agree to a protocol that ... has a GPS-tracking" standard, Atallah said. The NFL has different standards for a what a player does during the season versus off-season, and so it has different testing protocols to reflect that, he said.
====End Article====

====Article #38====
*TITLE: Gorsuch is a jurisprudential rock star
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/02/opinions/gorsuch-is-a-republicans-rock-star-opinion/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Ilya Shapiro']
*ARTICLE: Ilya Shapiro is a senior fellow in constitutional studies at the Cato Institute. The views expressed here are those of the author.

(CNN) Neil Gorsuch is a singularly fascinating pick for the current Supreme Court. That may be a strange thing to say about a federal judge who graduated from Harvard Law School, like all the other justices. (Except those who went to Yale, and Elena Kagan, who was solicitor general—the government's top lawyer at the Court, commonly called "the Tenth Justice"—rather than a judge.)

I'm not even talking about the diversity that the Coloradan would bring to the high court, as the only Protestant on a bench of Catholics and Jews, the only "genuine Westerner" -- to quote the late Justice Antonin Scalia , who didn't count California -- and the only holder of a doctorate (in legal philosophy, from Oxford).

Judge Gorsuch is such an interesting choice because he's an intellectual who writes like a novelist and a "conservative" judge who defies expectations of what conservatives are like.

Perhaps most remarkably, this jurisprudential rock star with a healthy skepticism for federal power has been nominated by Donald Trump. Both temperamentally and in approach to government, the genteel Gorsuch couldn't be more different from Trump. And yet any Republican president would be fêted for making this choice, one that should appeal to social conservatives, libertarians, establishmentarians, and even the populists who simply want "the best judges."

Look at a now-viral speech Gorsuch gave at Case Western Reserve University last year, in honor of the man whom he hopes to succeed. "I was taking a breather in the middle of a ski run with little on my mind but the next mogul field when my phone rang with the news (of Scalia's death)," he said, describing how he completed the run in tears.

"Sometimes people are described as lions of their profession and I have difficulty understanding what that's supposed to mean. Not so with Scalia. He really was a lion of the law: docile in private life but a ferocious fighter when at work, with a roar that could echo for miles."

Fundamentally, Gorsuch is like Scalia in the ways that made Scalia leonine , but unlike him by the measures that prevented even the great Nino from having the impact he could have. There are no rough edges here, no acerbic flourishes. And yet the commitment to enforcing the text of a law (not divining its purpose) is clear, the devotion to a Constitution whose structure alone protects our liberty is complete.

"Whenever a constitutional issue came up in our cases," wrote one of his former clerks in a recent article, "he sent one of (us) on a deep dive through the historical sources." "We need to get this right," he said, and right meant "as originally understood."

Moreover, Gorsuch has mounted a campaign against judicial over-deference to executive agencies. As he wrote just this past August in a concurrence to his own majority opinion (which shows that he respects precedent is still willing to engage):

"There's an elephant in the room with us today. We have studiously attempted to work our way around it and even left it unremarked. But the fact is Chevron and Brand X (cases establishing broad deference doctrines) permit executive bureaucracies to swallow huge amounts of core judicial and legislative power and concentrate federal power in a way that seems more than a little difficult to square with the Constitution of the framers' design. Maybe the time has come to face the behemoth."

I can't do the debate justice here, but suffice it to say that in this pen-and-phone era , it's refreshing to see a judicial officer recognize the lack of accountability in a system driven by bureaucrats rather than legislators. It's not something one would expect from a "judicial restraint" conservative, and differentiates Gorsuch from Scalia.

There'll be time enough in coming weeks to study Judge Gorsuch's work in various areas of law, but I'd be remiss in concluding this overview without making one important note about the announcement ceremony. The judge mentioned two figures who had occupied the seat he now aims to fill: Justice Scalia, of course, but also Justice Robert Jackson.

Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook

Jackson was one of the best writers the court has ever seen, also served as attorney general and Nuremberg prosecutor, and was the last justice appointed who did not graduate from law school. He's famous especially for two opinions: (1) the 1952 Steel Seizures case , in which the court rejected President Truman's attempt to nationalize the steel industry (where Jackson's concurrence became the legal standard for evaluating executive actions); and (2) Korematsu v. United States (1944), in which the court allowed the wartime internment of Japanese Americans (where Jackson dissented).

It's no coincidence that the silver-haired nominee name-checked Jackson, and that should hearten those dismayed by a politics gone off the rails. When push comes to shove, the elegant Judge Gorsuch will preserve our republic.
====End Article====

====Article #39====
*TITLE: Which generation has it worse? (Opinion)
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/01/19/opinions/generation-opinion-roundup/index.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: (CNN) Editor's Note: Generation whining has become nearly a national pastime. Millennials say they have it the worst. Generation X feels neglected. Baby boomers are tired of being called narcissistic. In articles and cartoons everywhere -- from CNN to The New York Times to Gizmodo and beyond -- critics call out this generation's sense of entitlement, that generation's self-absorption . We invited writers, activists and CNN contributors from different generations to hash it out.

Jeff Yang: Generation X is bitter

I belong to generation X, which might as well be called the interstitial generation. We're the cohort everyone skips over — the all-but-invisible slice of 50 million fortysomethings, jammed in between the self-satisfied boomers and self-indulgent millennials.

Yet, despite our generation's small size and overlooked status, we've nevertheless been handed the job of being America's cultural roadies, stuck with the grotty work of cleaning up a world-stage festooned with the detritus of decades of boomer indulgence, while simultaneously setting it for the triumphant arrival of the millennial headliners to come. (Plus we're raising the post-millennials to not be like their unappreciative grandparents and big siblings.) We gave the world the smartphone, the Internet and the social media revolution. In return, the world called us slackers. Is there any wonder we're bitter?

Jeff Yang is a columnist for The Wall Street Journal Online and contributes frequently to radio shows, including PRI's "The Takeaway" and WNYC's "The Brian Lehrer Show." He is the co-author of "I Am Jackie Chan: My Life in Action."

Paul Begala: Boomers, worst generation ever

Sixteen years ago I wrote in Esquire , "The baby boomers are the most self-centered, self-seeking, self-interested, self-absorbed, self-indulgent, self-aggrandizing generation in American history."

Nearly a generation later, I stand by every word. In fact, I'd like to double down on it. Boomers: Worst. Generation. Ever

Paul Begala, White House aide to President Bill Clinton, in front of Air Force One in 1993 during a campaign trip for the president's economic package.

In the intervening years, George W. Boomer ran up trillions in debt. He and fellow boomer Dick Cheney sent hundreds of thousands of younger, better men and women into combat (a chore each declined to do in their youth). The bill for their misdeeds -- in blood and treasure -- has been handed off to generations X, Y, Z, etc. (To be fair to the boomers, the other boomer-in-chief, my old boss Bill Clinton, embraced the best legacy of his generation, civil rights, women's rights, gay rights, while returning America to greatest generation-era economics: a budget surplus and a jobs boom.)

I'm at the tail end of the boom. Like President Obama, I was born in 1961. But the main boomer tsunami is hitting the shores of old age, the time in life when folks are most needy. They will need Medicare, Social Security, Medicaid, Meals-on-Wheels, nursing care and more. But they need not worry. Their children and grandchildren are more selfless, more service-oriented and far more committed to the common good. The irony is that while the greatest generation spawned the worst, it looks like the worst generation has given us another greatest generation.

Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s 60 iconic moments from the 1960s – Sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll defined the 1960s. But the decade was also a time of pivotal change — politically, socially and technologically. Check out 60 of the most iconic moments of the decade. Hide Caption 1 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s The 'Greensboro Four' – On February 1, 1960, four African-American college students made history just by sitting down at a whites-only lunch counter at a Woolworth's in Greensboro, North Carolina. Service never came for the "Greensboro Four," as they came to be known, and their peaceful demonstration drew national attention and sparked more "sit-ins" in Southern cities. Hide Caption 2 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Elvis discharged from the military – Elvis Presley's musical heyday was in the 1950s, but he remained a major star in the 1960s. Here, Presley, 25, is pictured with his future wife, Priscilla, shortly before his discharge from the U.S. Army in 1960 . Presley served two years in the Army. Hide Caption 3 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Sharpeville massacre in South Africa – Wounded people in South Africa's Sharpeville township lie in the street on March 21, 1960, after police opened fire on black demonstrators marching against the country's segregation system known as apartheid. At least 180 black Africans, most of them women and children, were injured and 69 were killed in the Sharpeville massacre that signaled the start of armed resistance against apartheid. Hide Caption 4 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s The laser is born – Theodore Maiman pours liquid nitrogen into a cooling unit around one of the first experimental lasers in his laboratory in Santa Monica, California. Maiman's ruby laser, created on May 16, 1960, is considered to be one of the top technological achievements of the 20th century. It paved the way for fiber-optic communications, CDs, DVDs and sight-restoring surgery. Hide Caption 5 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s FDA approves birth-control pill – On June 23, 1960, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Enovid, the first birth-control pill for women Hide Caption 6 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Nixon-Kennedy debate – The first televised presidential debate was on September 26, 1960, and it involved U.S. Vice President Richard Nixon, left, and Sen. John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts. The debate is largely credited with helping to make a star out of Kennedy, who won the election later that year. Hide Caption 7 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Bay of Pigs invasion – Cuban leader Fidel Castro, lower right, sits inside a tank near Playa Giron, Cuba, during the Bay of Pigs invasion on April 17, 1961. On that day, about 1,500 CIA-backed Cuban exiles landed at Cuba's Bay of Pigs in hopes of triggering an uprising against Castro. It was a complete disaster for President John F. Kennedy's fledgling administration. Hide Caption 8 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s 'Sex and the Single Girl' – Helen Gurley Brown, editor of Cosmopolitan magazine, published her book "Sex and the Single Girl" in 1962. The book helped spark the sexual revolution and popularize the notion that the modern woman could "have it all," including a successful career and a fulfilling sex life. Hide Caption 9 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s First interactive video game – In 1962, Massachusetts Institute of Technology students Steve Russell, Martin "Shag" Graetz and Alan Kotok created "Spacewar!" which is widely considered the first interactive video game. Dueling players fired at each other's spaceships using early versions of joysticks. This photo shows the three "Spacewar!" inventors playing the game at Boston's Computer Museum in 1983. Hide Caption 10 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s 'Turn on, tune in, drop out' – The drug LSD became popular in the 1960s, leading the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to designate it an experimental drug in 1962. Harvard psychologist Timothy Leary, pictured here, became an advocate for the drug, coining the phrase, "Turn on, tune in, drop out." Hide Caption 11 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s First James Bond movie – Before Daniel Craig or Pierce Brosnan, there was Sean Connery, who starred in the first James Bond film, "Dr. No," in 1962. With the most recent Bond film released in 2012 ("Skyfall"), the James Bond series is the longest running film series of all time. Hide Caption 12 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Marilyn Monroe dies – Actress Marilyn Monroe was found dead in her apartment on August 5, 1962, at the age of 36. Officials ruled her death as probable suicide from sleeping pill overdose, but to this day there remain many conspiracy theories. Hide Caption 13 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Spider-Man arrives – The No. 15 issue of the "Amazing Fantasy" comic book series, published August 10, 1962, marked the first appearance of Spider-Man. The issue is one of the most valuable comics of all time. Hide Caption 14 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Carson takes over 'The Tonight Show' – Johnny Carson, right, took over "The Tonight Show" on October 1, 1962, with co-host Ed McMahon. They retired from the late-night talk show 30 years later. This year, Saturday Night Live alum Jimmy Fallon became the show's new host after Jay Leno, who hosted the show for 22 years. Hide Caption 15 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Cuban missile crisis – U.S. President John F. Kennedy delivers a nationally televised address about the Cuban missile crisis on October 22, 1962. After learning that the Soviet Union had begun shipping missiles to Cuba, Kennedy announced a strategic blockade of Cuba and warned the Soviet Union that the U.S. would seize any more deliveries. Hide Caption 16 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Boeing 727 debuts – Crowds in Seattle gather for the first viewing of the Boeing 727 jet in December 1962. The aircraft's first flight would take place on February 9, 1963. The 727 is credited with opening the door to domestic travel for millions of everyday Americans. Hide Caption 17 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Polaroid adds color – Inventor Edwin Land, president and co-founder of the Polaroid Corporation, demonstrates his company's new instant-color film in 1963. Hide Caption 18 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s 'The Feminine Mystique' – Betty Friedan energized the feminist movement in 1963 with her book "The Feminine Mystique." The book detailed the frustration of women who were expected to rely on their husbands and children for their happiness. Hide Caption 19 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Patsy Cline's death – Patsy Cline performs at Nashville's Grand Ole Opry in this undated photo. The country music star and three others were killed in a plane crash March 5, 1963, near Camden, Tennessee. Hide Caption 20 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s The Beatles' first album – The Beatles released their first album, "Please Please Me," in the United Kingdom on March 22, 1963. Here, the band is honored on November 18, 1963, for the massive sales of albums "Please Please Me" and "With the Beatles." Hide Caption 21 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Alabama governor resists desegregation – Federal Deputy Attorney General Nicholas Katzenbach, standing on the right, confronts Alabama Gov. George Wallace at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa on June 11, 1963. Wallace is standing in the doorway to prevent two African-American students from entering despite a presidential order. Wallace, who was pro-segregation, later stood aside. Hide Caption 22 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Medgar Evers assassinated – Myrlie Evers, widow of civil rights activist Medgar Evers, comforts their son Darrell while their daughter, Reena, wipes her tears during Evers' funeral on June 18, 1963. Evers was assassinated days earlier at his home in Jackson, Mississippi. Hide Caption 23 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s JFK's Berlin speech – U.S. President John F. Kennedy delivers his famous "Ich bin ein Berliner" ("I am a Berliner") speech to a massive crowd in West Berlin on June 26, 1963. Hide Caption 24 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s 'I Have a Dream' – The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. gives his "I Have a Dream" speech to a crowd in Washington during the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, also known as the Freedom March , on August 28, 1963. The speech is considered one of the most important in American history, and it helped rally support for the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Hide Caption 25 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Cronkite becomes anchor – Walter Cronkite sits behind the news desk on the set of the "CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite" in August 1963. One month later, it became network television's first nightly half-hour news program. Hide Caption 26 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Birmingham church bombing – A coffin is loaded into a hearse at a funeral in Birmingham, Alabama, for victims of the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing . Four African-American girls were killed and at least 14 others were wounded when a bomb blast tore through church services on September 15, 1963. Three former Ku Klux Klan members were later convicted of murder for the bombing. Hide Caption 27 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s First push-button phone – The first push-button telephone was made available to AT&T customers on November 18, 1963. The phone had extension buttons at the bottom for office use. Hide Caption 28 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s President Kennedy assassinated – U.S. President John F. Kennedy was assassinated during a motorcade in Dallas on November 22, 1963. Hide Caption 29 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Instant replay debuts – CBS used instant replay for the first time during the airing of the Army-Navy game that took place December 7, 1963, in Philadelphia's Municipal Stadium. Hide Caption 30 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Berlin Wall opens – More than two years after it was constructed, the Berlin Wall opened for the first time on December 20, 1963, allowing citizens of West Berlin to visit their relatives in communist East Berlin. Hide Caption 31 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Warhol and pop art – Artist Andy Warhol stands in the doorway of his studio, the Factory, in 1964, holding the acetate he used to make his famous Marilyn Monroe paintings. Warhol's work centered on famous personalities and iconic American objects, making him a leading figure in the pop art movement. Hide Caption 32 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s 'Beatlemania' comes to the U.S. – On February 9, 1964, the Beatles made their U.S. debut on "The Ed Sullivan Show," kicking off the American strain of "Beatlemania" — a fever that had already infected their native Britain. Hide Caption 33 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Ali becomes heavyweight champ – Boxer Muhammad Ali — then known as Cassius Clay — upsets Sonny Liston in a heavyweight title fight in Miami Beach, Florida, on February 25, 1964. He was 22 years old. A short time later, Clay joined the Nation of Islam and changed his name to Muhammad Ali. Hide Caption 34 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Ford Mustang debuts – The 1965 Ford Mustang was first officially revealed to the public at the 1964 World's Fair in New York. Standard equipment included carpet, bucket seats and a 170-cubic-inch, six-cylinder engine that was coupled with a three-speed floor-shift transmission. With a price that started at just under $2,400, the car captured America's affection and is still being produced today Hide Caption 35 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Mandela sentenced to life in prison – South African resistance leader Nelson Mandela , left, talks to Cape Town teacher C Andrews in 1964. On June 12, 1964, Mandela was sentenced to life in prison for four counts of sabotage. He was released 27 years later, and when apartheid ended he became the country's first black president. Hide Caption 36 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Civil Rights Act of 1964 – After signing the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson shakes hands with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. The legislation outlawed discrimination in public places and banned discrimination based on race, gender, religion or national origin. It also encouraged the desegregation of public schools. Hide Caption 37 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s 'Daisy Girl' ad – "Peace, Little Girl," a 1964 political ad for U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson, was arguably the most famous — and the most negative — campaign ad in U.S. history. The ad, which played only once, showed a little girl counting daisy petals before an image of a nuclear explosion. Known as the "Daisy Girl" ad, it was credited with helping Johnson defeat U.S. Sen. Barry Goldwater in the landslide 1964 election. Hide Caption 38 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s U.S. troops in South Vietnam – On February 9, 1965, the United States deployed its first combat troops to South Vietnam, significantly escalating its role in the war. Here, the U.S. Marines' 163rd Helicopter Squadron discharges South Vietnamese troops for an assault against the Viet Cong hidden along the tree line in the background. Hide Caption 39 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Malcolm X assassinated – Civil rights activist Malcolm X is carried from the Audubon Ballroom in New York, where he had just been shot on February 21, 1965. He died shortly after. Hide Caption 40 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s 'Bloody Sunday' – State troopers swing batons to break up a civil rights voting march in Selma, Alabama, on March 7, 1965. "Bloody Sunday," as it became known , helped fuel the drive for passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Hide Caption 41 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Voting Rights Act – U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson hands a pen to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. during the signing of the Voting Rights Act on August 6, 1965. The landmark legislation helped protect minorities who had previously encountered unfair barriers to voting. Hide Caption 42 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s The Watts Riots – Two youths, carrying lampshades from a looted store, run down a street in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles on August 13, 1965. The Watts Riots were sparked by tensions between the city's black residents and police. The six days of violence left 34 dead and resulted in $40 million of property damage. Hide Caption 43 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s 'Batman' – The "Batman" TV series debuted in 1966, starring Adam West as the Caped Crusader and Burt Ward as his sidekick, Robin. The show aired for only three seasons, but it was a pop culture sensation at the time and a cult classic for future generations. There was also a feature film in 1966. Hide Caption 44 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s China's Cultural Revolution – Chinese leader Mao Zedong, standing front and center, rides through a Tiananmen Square rally in Beijing in 1966. In May of that year, Mao launched the Cultural Revolution to enforce communism and get rid of old institutions and his political enemies. The political movement careened out of control and led to massive political purges, deaths and destruction before it ended in 1976. Hide Caption 45 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s First Super Bowl – The Green Bay Packers and the Kansas City Chiefs played the first Super Bowl on January 15, 1967, in Los Angeles. The Packers won the football game 35-10. Hide Caption 46 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Six-Day War – Israeli soldiers stand in front of the Western Wall on June 9, 1967, in the old city of Jerusalem following its recapture from Jordanian rule in the Six-Day War. Hide Caption 47 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Marshall on Supreme Court – Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, with his family at his side, takes his seat at the court for the first time on October 2, 1967. Marshall was the first African-American to be appointed to the high court. Hide Caption 48 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Anti-Vietnam protests – A demonstrator offers a flower to military police at the Pentagon during an anti-Vietnam protest in Washington on October 21, 1967. Marches such as this one helped turn public opinion against the war. Hide Caption 49 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s First human heart transplant – Dr. Christiaan Barnard is shown after performing the first human heart transplant on patient Louis Washkansky on December 3, 1967, in Cape Town, South Africa. Hide Caption 50 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Tet Offensive – South Vietnamese Gen. Nguyen Ngoc Loan, chief of the national police, executes suspected Viet Cong officer Nguyen Van Lem — also known as Bay Lop — on a Saigon street on February 1, 1968. It was early in the Tet Offensive, one of the largest military campaigns of the Vietnam War. Hide Caption 51 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s My Lai massacre – Houses in My Lai, South Vietnam, burn during the My Lai massacre on March 16, 1968. American troops came to the remote hamlet and killed hundreds of unarmed civilians. The incident, one of the darkest moments of the Vietnam War, further increased opposition to U.S. involvement in the war. Hide Caption 52 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Martin Luther King assassinated – This photo was taken on April 4, 1968, moments after the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was shot and killed by a sniper as he stood on a balcony of the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tennessee. King was in Memphis to support striking sanitation workers. Hide Caption 53 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Robert F. Kennedy assassinated – U.S. Sen. Robert F. Kennedy, the brother of former President John F. Kennedy, was shot shortly after midnight on June 5, 1968, in Los Angeles. Sirhan Sirhan was convicted of assassinating Kennedy and wounding five other people inside the kitchen service pantry of the former Ambassador Hotel. Hide Caption 54 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Democratic National Convention unrest – Members of the New York delegation protest against the Vietnam War during the 1968 Democratic National Convention held in Chicago. Outside, riots erupted, with tens of thousands of Vietnam War protesters clashing with Chicago police and National Guard forces. Hide Caption 55 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Prague Spring – Residents of Prague, Czechoslovakia, throw burning torches in an attempt to stop a Soviet tank on August 21, 1968. A Soviet-led invasion by Warsaw Pact troops crushed the so-called Prague Spring reform and re-established totalitarian rule. Hide Caption 56 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s '60 Minutes' premieres – The iconic Sunday night news magazine "60 Minutes" premiered September 24, 1968, with Harry Reasoner, left, and Mike Wallace, right. At the center is Don Hewitt, the show's creator and producer. Hide Caption 57 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s First men on the moon – Apollo 11 astronaut Edwin E. "Buzz" Aldrin Jr. salutes the U.S. flag on the lunar surface on July 20, 1969. Aldrin and mission commander Neil Armstrong became the first humans to walk on the moon. Their mission was considered an American victory in the Cold War and subsequent space race, meeting President Kennedy's goal of "landing a man on the moon and returning him safely" before the end of the decade. Hide Caption 58 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Woodstock Music Festival – Singer Roger Daltrey and guitarist Pete Townshend of The Who perform on stage at the Woodstock Music Festival in Bethel, New York. An estimated 400,000 people attended the festival, which took place in August 1969. Hide Caption 59 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Manson murders – Cult leader Charles Manson is taken into court to face murder charges on December 5, 1969, in Los Angeles. At Manson's command, a small group of his most ardent followers brutally murdered five people at the Los Angeles home of film director Roman Polanski on August 8-9, 1969, including Polanski's pregnant wife, actress Sharon Tate. Manson was convicted for orchestrating the murders and sentenced to death. The sentence was later commuted to life in prison. Hide Caption 60 of 61 Photos: 60 iconic moments from the 1960s Forebear of the Internet – With the help of a handful of leading universities and other labs, work began on a project to directly link a number of computers. In 1969, with money from the U.S. Defense Department, the first node of this network was installed on the campus of UCLA. The diagram shows the "network of networks" of ARPANET, as it was called. The forebear of the Internet was born. What did the '60s look like to you? Share your photos here. Hide Caption 61 of 61

Paul Begala, a Democratic strategist and CNN political commentator, was a political consultant for Bill Clinton's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in the White House. He is a consultant to the pro-Obama super PAC Priorities USA Action.

Dasha Burns: Millennials have an existential crisis

Don't hate us -- we're just confused. We've seemingly made " changing the world " with our sparkling idealism, creativity and massive egos trendier than ever. And our generation really is changing the world -- we're upsetting traditional models in just about every sector from hospitality (Airbnb) to transportation (Uber) to advertising (the last time I watched a commercial was Super Bowl 2015).

Dasha Burns at a rooftop in Brooklyn.

But in dismantling old models, we're also making the world more bewildering for ourselves. It's harder to find applicable career advice from the older and wiser generations because what worked ten or twenty years ago won't necessarily work today. The job market is increasingly competitive and our career paths are increasingly less clear.

This is why many millennials I know are in a perpetual cycle of existential crises. We have to make money, change the world, all while showing off our zen skills at company yoga retreats.

Of course, these are the stereotypical millennials that everyone loves to hate. In reality, our generation is very diverse. But for many of us, the challenges brought by overturning traditions are very real, as comforts like the stability of working your way up in one company (or even one industry) for decades becomes a relic of days past.

We're faced with shining examples of 20-something CEOs urging us to stick it to the man and break out on our own. While generations past could decide on jobs based on a decent income and hours, we feel like whatever decisions we make may be upended in a couple of years.

So, take some pity on us when you're judging. And take comfort in the fact that we really do want to be productive members of society. In a lot of cases, it's that desire in overdrive that makes us move back home with our parents while deciding on the next move, or quit a job after three months because it just doesn't sit right.

We're the existential crisis generation because we want so badly to have purpose that we can get lost in the frenzy of looking for it.

Dasha Burns is a writer and works as a strategist and creative content producer at Oliver Global, a consulting agency where she focuses on leveraging media and digital technology for global development.

Pepper Schwartz: Call me lucky, at tail end of greatest generation

For me, it's a tale of two cities.

One city is heterosexual, born between 1945 and 1964 and positioned for greatness and opportunities. This is my city and most of us got inexpensive educations, good jobs out of high school or college, reasonable housing costs and women's liberation.

Pepper Schwartz with her best friend and writing partner, Philip Blumstein, in 1983.

Most of us had the sexual revolution without lethal sexually transmitted diseases. We were vocal and protested the Vietnam War, homophobia, gender inequity and racism. We saw women and minorities gain civil rights -- we feel somewhat smug that we helped them become CEOs, senators and president.

But there is the other city. The one that saw a whole generation of promising young men annihilated. These were the plague years of HIV/AIDS in the 1980s and 1990s, before there was a "cocktail," general sympathy, organized and effective movements for awareness. Those years were beyond awful: I lost my best friend and writing partner, Philip Blumstein, and then within eight months his life partner, Gary Jordan, unofficial godparent to my son. Every day brought a new victim. So many fallen souls, so much talent cut short.

Our generation was mixed. But I've been personally blessed. I had freedom in my twenties, marriage and children in my thirties, and a lifelong career that was unattainable for most women before my time. I just wish the cost of sexual and personal freedom for gay men had not been so high.

Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Pop culture and politics collided on December 21, 1970, when the King of Rock 'n' Roll, Elvis Presley, visited President Richard Nixon in the White House Oval Office. The '70s may have been many things, but boring sure wasn't one of them. Check out 70 of the most unforgettable moments of the decade. For more, watch the CNN Original Series " The Seventies ." Hide Caption 1 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Apollo 13 returns safely to Earth – The Apollo 13 spacecraft was intended to be the third landing on the moon, but the NASA crew aborted its mission after an oxygen tank exploded on board. The astronauts landed in the South Pacific on April 17, 1970. Here, lunar module pilot Fred W. Haise Jr. is about to be hoisted up to a recovery helicopter from the USS Iwo Jima. Hide Caption 2 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Kent State massacre – Four students died and nine others were wounded on May 4, 1970, when members of the Ohio National Guard opened fire on students protesting the Vietnam War at Kent State University in Ohio. In this Pulitzer Prize-winning photo, taken by Kent State photojournalism student John Filo, Mary Ann Vecchio can be seen screaming as she kneels by the body of slain student Jeffrey Miller. Hide Caption 3 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s The Beatles call it quits – The "Fab Four," pictured here in 1970, released their final album, "Let It Be," on May 8, 1970. The album came one month after Paul McCartney announced the group's breakup. Hide Caption 4 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'Flying Bobby' – In one moment, Bobby Orr became a hockey legend. On May 10, 1970, Orr scored an overtime goal in Game 4 of the Stanley Cup Finals, giving the Boston Bruins their first championship since 1941. In 1971, Orr signed the first million-dollar contract in NHL history -- $200,000 a year for five years -- and in 1979 he became the youngest NHL Hall of Famer when he was inducted at the age of 31. Hide Caption 5 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Gay rights movement gains popularity – Gay rights activists Foster Gunnison and Craig Rodwell lead a gay rights march in New York on June 28, 1970, then known as Gay Liberation Day. The march was held on the first anniversary of the police raid of the Stonewall Inn, a popular gay bar in New York's Greenwich Village. The raid led to demonstrations and protests by the gay community. The Stonewall riots helped bring together the gay community in New York, and by 1971 gay rights groups had formed in almost all of the major cities in America. Hide Caption 6 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'Hey! Ho! Let's go!' – The '70s ushered in a new musical movement that put a premium on speed, simplicity and raw power. Bands like the Ramones, pictured, and the Sex Pistols put to waste the trippy, hippie music of the '60s, replacing it with short, fast songs filled with attitude and angst. It could only be called one thing: punk. Hide Caption 7 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Indira Gandhi re-elected – Indira Gandhi, the only woman to ever hold the office of Prime Minister of India, won a second term in a landslide victory in March 1971. She would be re-elected to a fourth term in 1980, but she was assassinated by two of her bodyguards in 1984. Hide Caption 8 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Disney World opens – A crowd in Orlando waits for Walt Disney World's Main Street to open in October 1971. The park cost an estimated $400 million to build and now attracts around 25 million visitors annually. When Disney World opened in 1971, the price for admission was $3.50. A single-day ticket now is $105 for anyone over 10 years old. Hide Caption 9 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'Bloody Sunday' – On January 30, 1972, British soldiers opened fire against protesters in Londonderry, Northern Ireland, who were marching against British rule. Thirteen people were killed on the scene, and more than a dozen were injured. After the shooting, recruitment and support for the Irish Republican Army skyrocketed. Three decades of violence known as The Troubles followed, and almost 3,000 people died. Hide Caption 10 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Nixon in China – Richard Nixon became the first U.S. President to visit China. His trip in February 1972 was an important step in building a relationship between the two countries. Hide Caption 11 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'Napalm Girl' – Associated Press photographer Nick Ut photographed terrified children running from the site of a napalm attack during the Vietnam War in June 1972. A South Vietnamese plane accidentally dropped napalm on its own troops and civilians. Nine-year-old Kim Phuc, center, ripped off her burning clothes while fleeing. The image communicated the horrors of the war and contributed to the growing anti-war sentiment in the United States. After taking the photograph, Ut took the children to a hospital. Hide Caption 12 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'Hanoi Jane' – In July 1972, in the midst of the Vietnam War, actress Jane Fonda visited the North Vietnamese city of Hanoi and criticized the U.S. role in the war, leading many to call her "anti-American." Earlier this year, Fonda called the trip an "incredible experience" but expressed some regret. "It hurts me, and it will to my grave, that I made a huge, huge mistake that made a lot of people think I was against the soldiers," Fonda said during an appearance in Frederick, Maryland. Hide Caption 13 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Porn goes mainstream – In any other year it might sound strange, but in 1972 one of the most popular films of the year was a porno. "Deep Throat" was one of the first pornographic films to receive mainstream attention, and it made $3 million in its first six months of release. It also took on an additional layer of cultural significance when the secret informant in the Watergate scandal went by the pseudonym "Deep Throat." Hide Caption 14 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Cold War chess championship – American Bobby Fischer, right, and Russian Boris Spassky play their last game of chess together in Reykjavik, Iceland, on August 31, 1972. Fischer defeated Spassky to become the World Chess Champion, ending a Soviet win streak that dated to 1948. Hide Caption 15 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Terror at the Olympics – On September 5, 1972, the Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany, were in the throes of a hostage crisis. Two Israeli athletes had been killed and nine taken hostage by members of Black September, a Palestinian terrorist movement demanding the release of political prisoners by the Israeli government. Hours later, all nine hostages, five terrorists and one police officer were dead. Hide Caption 16 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s The perfect season – The Miami Dolphins, coached by Don Shula, win Super Bowl VII in January 1973 and become the only NFL team in history to win a championship with an undefeated record. Hide Caption 17 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'I'll make him an offer he can't refuse' – "The Godfather," directed by Francis Ford Coppola, took home several Academy Awards in March 1973, including Best Picture and Best Adapted Screenplay. The film was based on the best-selling novel by Mario Puzo and starred, from left, James Caan, Marlon Brando, Al Pacino and John Cazale. Brando won the Oscar for Best Actor. Hide Caption 18 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s The Triple Crown – Secretariat races toward the finish line, blowing away the field in record time to win the Belmont Stakes in June 1973. With the victory, Secretariat became the first horse to win the Triple Crown since Citation in 1948. The Triple Crown was won two other times in the '70s, by Seattle Slew in 1977 and Affirmed in 1978. In 2015, American Pharoah became the first horse to take the Triple Crown in 37 years. Hide Caption 19 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Chicago's record-setting giant – In 1973, the Sears Tower opened in Chicago, overtaking the World Trade Center as the tallest building in the world. The tower, now known as the Willis Tower, is the second-tallest building in the United States today. Hide Caption 20 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Bruce Lee dies – Martial-arts actor Bruce Lee, seen here training in a scene from the film "Enter the Dragon," dies in July 1973 just days before the movie's release. He was 32. The film would cement Lee's legend and bring martial arts to the forefront of pop culture. Hide Caption 21 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Scandal in the Nixon administration – U.S. Vice President Spiro T. Agnew addresses the media on August 8, 1973, saying he would not resign while being investigated on charges of tax fraud, bribery and conspiracy. However, Agnew resigned in October 1973 after pleading no contest to a single count of income-tax evasion. He was the second vice president to resign in U.S. history. Hide Caption 22 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s The 'Twin Towers' – From the time of their completion in 1973 until their destruction in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, The World Trade Center's twin towers stood as an iconic part of the New York City skyline. Hide Caption 23 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'Battle of the Sexes' – In a nationally televised tennis match on September 20, 1973, Bobby Riggs, a former No. 1 tennis player, took on Billie Jean King, one of the top female tennis players at the time. Earlier in the year, Riggs put out a challenge to all female tennis players, saying no woman could beat him. King beat Riggs 6-4, 6-3, 6-3 and claimed a $100,000 prize. Hide Caption 24 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'The Exorcist' hits theaters – "The Exorcist," based off the best-selling novel by William Peter Blatty about a demonically possessed 12-year-old girl, was released in December 1973. It went on to become one of the most popular films of all time. It was the first horror film to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar, and Blatty won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. Hide Caption 25 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s The pocket calculator – By 1973, Clive Sinclair had introduced a series of pocket calculators that changed the industry, making calculators small and light enough to fit in your pocket. They were not only much smaller and thinner than their competitors, but also much cheaper, making their advanced technology available to the masses. Hide Caption 26 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Energy crisis – Cars in Brooklyn, New York, line up for gas in January 1974. In October 1973, an oil embargo imposed by members of OPEC led to skyrocketing gas prices and widespread fuel shortages. Hide Caption 27 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Hammerin' Hank – Hank Aaron breaks Babe Ruth's career home run record, hitting home run No. 715 at Atlanta's Fulton County Stadium in April 1974. Aaron finished his career with 755 home runs, a record that stood until Barry Bonds broke it in 2007. Hide Caption 28 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Baryshnikov defects – Russian dancer Mikhail Baryshnikov, left, tapes a TV special in Canada, where he defected in June 1974. Soon after, Baryshnikov moved to the United States and started working with the New York City Ballet and the American Ballet Theatre. In 1979, he earned an Academy Award nomination for his supporting role in the film "The Turning Point." Hide Caption 29 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Nixon resigns – U.S. President Richard Nixon gestures in the doorway of a helicopter on August 9, 1974, after leaving the White House following his resignation over the Watergate scandal. Nixon's resignation marked the end to one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history, which began in 1972 after a break-in at the Democratic National Committee's headquarters at the Watergate complex. Five men were arrested for the burglary, and the FBI and Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein were able to trace them back to Nixon and the White House. Hide Caption 30 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Power of the press – Reporters Bob Woodward, right, and Carl Bernstein sit in the newsroom of the Washington Post newspaper in May 1973. Woodward and Bernstein's reporting on the Watergate scandal led to President Nixon's resignation and won them a Pulitzer Prize. In 1976, Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman would portray the pair in the film adaptation of their book "All the President's Men." Hide Caption 31 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Cover girl – Beverly Johnson made history in August 1974 when she became the first African-American model to appear on the cover of Vogue magazine in the United States. Hide Caption 32 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Muhammad Ali watches heavyweight champion George Foreman fall to the canvas during their title bout in Kinshasa, Zaire, in October 1974. Ali's upset victory over the undefeated Foreman won him back the titles he was stripped of in 1967 for refusing induction into the U.S. Army. Hide Caption 33 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Cambodian genocide – From 1975-1979, Pol Pot -- seen here at far left -- led the Khmer Rouge communist movement in Cambodia. During his reign, at least 1.7 million people -- nearly a quarter of Cambodia's population -- died from execution, disease, starvation and overwork, according to the Documentation Center of Cambodia. Hide Caption 34 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s The fall of Saigon – In April 1975, the fall of Saigon to the North Vietnamese effectively marked the end of the Vietnam War. Here, U.S. Marines guard civilians during evacuations at Tan Son Nhut airbase. The country became the Socialist Republic of Vietnam on July 2, 1976. Hide Caption 35 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Birth of the blockbuster – In the summer of 1975, Steven Spielberg had people flocking to the theaters instead of the beaches. The success of " Jaws " -- his first hit movie -- set up summer as the season for Hollywood's biggest and highest-grossing movies. Hide Caption 36 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Arthur Ashe wins Wimbledon – American tennis player Arthur Ashe became the first black man to win Wimbledon when he defeated Jimmy Connors in July 1975. Ashe retired from tennis in 1980 and became a spokesperson for HIV and AIDS after announcing he had contracted HIV from a blood transfusion. Ashe died on February 6, 1993, from AIDS-related pneumonia. Hide Caption 37 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Commander of the Soviet crew of Soyuz, Alexei Leonov, left, and commander of the American crew of Apollo, Thomas Stafford shake hands July 17, 1975 in space, somewhere over Western Germany, after the Apollo-Soyuz docking maneuvers. Hide Caption 38 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'Not ready for Prime Time' – Saturday night television changed forever on October 11, 1975, when the sketch comedy show "Saturday Night Live" made its debut. Comedian George Carlin was the first host, joining a cast of young and upcoming comics known as "The Not Ready for Prime Time Players." "SNL" is now in its 40th year as one of the longest running shows in television history. Hide Caption 39 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Dazzling Elton – English singer Elton John, one of the biggest artists of the '70s, performed two sold-out shows at Los Angeles' Dodger Stadium in October 1975, performing for more than three hours each night. John, known for his flamboyant outfits and oversized sunglasses, was decked out for the occasion in a sequined Dodgers baseball uniform. Hide Caption 40 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s The Concorde takes off – It broke the sound barrier and cut flight times in half. On January 21, 1976, the first commercial Concorde flight took place from London to Paris, cruising at speeds of 1,350 mph. The Concordes' flights would be short lived, however, as fewer than 20 ever saw commercial use. The last commercial Concorde flight took place on October 24, 2003. Hide Caption 41 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Happy 200th birthday, America! – Fireworks at the Statue of Liberty light up the New York Harbor on July 4, 1976, as the country celebrates the bicentennial anniversary of the Declaration of Independence. Patriotic events took place around the country that year. Hide Caption 42 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'Angels' flying high – On September 22, 1976, a blonde bombshell dropped into America's homes with the debut of the television show "Charlie's Angels." Farrah Fawcett and co-stars Kate Jackson and Jaclyn Smith became an instant hit with audiences. To this day the show remains a lasting image of the 70s despite getting mixed reviews from critics. Hide Caption 43 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Barbara becomes the news – In October 1976, Barbara Walters, seen at left with actress Barbra Streisand, became the first woman to co-anchor a major network evening newscast. ABC made history before she even went on air, signing Walters to a $1 million annual contract to make her the highest-paid journalist at that time. She only co-anchored the show for a year and a half, but she would go on to host ABC shows such as "20/20," "The View" and "Barbara Walters Specials" until her retirement in 2014. Hide Caption 44 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Disco ruled the charts in the late '70s but found some unlikely superstars in the form of the Village People. Their name was inspired by New York's Greenwich Village, which had a large gay population at the time, and the group became known for their onstage costumes and suggestive lyrics. In 1978, their songs "Macho Man" and "Y.M.C.A." became massive hits and brought them mainstream success. Hide Caption 45 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s From peanut farmer to President – Jimmy Carter embraces his wife, Rosalynn, in November 1976 after he was elected as the 39th President of the United States. Carter, a Democrat and former governor of Georgia, defeated incumbent Gerald Ford. During his time in office, Carter created the Department of Energy and Department of Education. Since leaving the office in 1980, he has remained active in fighting for human rights and ending disease around the world with his nonprofit organization, the Carter Center. Hide Caption 46 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'Roots' premieres – Cicely Tyson, left, and Maya Angelou star in the television miniseries "Roots." The series premiered in January 1977, airing for eight consecutive nights and attracting a record number of viewers. Based off Alex Haley's novel, "Roots" told the story of an African boy sold into slavery in America and the following generations of his family. The show was viewed by more than half of the U.S. population in 1977, and it received 37 Emmy nominations. Hide Caption 47 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s 'In a galaxy far, far away' – May 25, 1977, was a historic day for sci-fi fans and moviegoers everywhere. George Lucas' "Star Wars" opened in theaters, introducing the world to characters such as Luke Skywalker, Chewbacca, R2D2 and, of course, Darth Vader. The "Star Wars" franchise is still one of most lucrative and popular film series around today. Hide Caption 48 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Son of Sam – Serial Killer David Berkowitz, known as the Son of Sam, was arrested on August 10, 1977, after a series of shootings and murders that police believe began in the summer of 1976. Berkowitz was convicted of killing six people and wounding seven during his crime spree, which garnered large amounts of press coverage. He was known for targeting young women and sending cryptic, antagonizing letters to the New York police. Hide Caption 49 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Apple plants the seed for the digital revolution – In 1977, Apple Computers introduced the Apple II, which became one the first successful home computers. Co-founders Steve Jobs, pictured here, and Steve Wozniak formed the Apple Computer Company in 1976. Along with Bill Gates' Microsoft, which was founded in 1975, Apple helped ignite the digital age we live in today. Hide Caption 50 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s New York City goes dark – In the middle of the summer of 1977, New York City experienced a power outage that caused much of the city to go dark. The blackout lasted two days, from July 13-14. As the city was in the midst of a financial crisis and the terror of the Son of Sam loomed over residents, many took to the streets and began looting. Police reported that looting in some areas of the city continued well into the daylight hours, and thousands of people were arrested. Hide Caption 51 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s The King is dead – Elvis Presley, the King of Rock 'n' Roll, died August 16, 1977, at the age of 42. He was still touring and recording throughout the 1970s, but his unexpected death sealed his legacy as one of the greatest cultural icons of the 20th century. Hide Caption 52 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Game on – The Atari 2600 was released in September 1977, bringing the world of video games into households everywhere. Packaged with two joystick controllers and one cartridge game, the Atari 2600 sold 250,000 units in 1977. By 1979, 1 million units were sold. What some believed at the time to be a fad has now turned into a billion-dollar-a-year industry. Hide Caption 53 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Mr. October – Reggie Jackson of the New York Yankees hits his third home run of the game on October 18, 1977, leading the Yankees to a World Series win over the Los Angeles Dodgers. Jackson had a .357 batting average over the 27 World Series games throughout his career, earning him the nickname "Mr. October." Jackson and the Yankees would repeat as World Series champions the following year. Hide Caption 54 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Disco fever – Disco music sweeps the nation with the 1977 film "Saturday Night Fever" starring John Travolta. Catapulted by a soundtrack containing five No. 1 singles -- including "Staying Alive" and "Night Fever" -- the film became a huge commercial success. The soundtrack stayed on top of the album charts for six months, and Travolta earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor. Hide Caption 55 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s A test tube produces life – Louise Brown became the world's first test-tube baby on July 25, 1978. Dr. Robert Edwards, left, and Patrick Steptoe, right, pioneered the process of in vitro fertilization, which injects a single sperm into a mature egg and then transfers the egg into the uterus of the woman. In 2010, Edwards won the Nobel Prize in Medicine for the development of in vitro fertilization, which has helped families conceive more than 5 million babies around the world. Hide Caption 56 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Peace in the Middle East – Egyptian President Anwar Sadat, left, joins hands with Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin, right, on September 18, 1978, after the Camp David Accords were signed in Maryland. After 12 days of secret meetings, the two sides agreed upon a step toward peace. U.S. President Jimmy Carter, center, personally led the lengthy negotiations and discussions between the two parties. Hide Caption 57 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s The world welcomes a new Pope – His name was Karol Jozef Wojtyla, but the world knew him as Pope John Paul II. Born in Poland, John Paul II was the first non-Italian Pope in more than in 400 years when he became Pope in 1978. He made his first public appearance on October 16, 1978, at St. Peter's Square in the Vatican, and before his death in 2005 he was beloved for his commitment to human rights around the world. Hide Caption 58 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Hide Caption 59 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s The Jonestown massacre – Bodies lie around the compound of the People's Temple in Jonestown, Guyana, on November 18, 1978. More than 900 members of the cult, led by the Rev. Jim Jones, died from cyanide poisoning; it was the largest mass-suicide in modern history. Hide Caption 60 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Assassination of Harvey Milk – In 1977, Harvey Milk was elected to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, making him the first openly gay person to be elected to a public office. Milk started his political ambitions in San Francisco in the early '70s, but he did not hold an office until he was appointed to the Board of Permit Appeals in 1976 by Mayor George Moscone. Milk's career was tragically cut short on November 27, 1978, when he and Moscone were assassinated. Hide Caption 61 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Music goes mobile – The sound barrier is broken once again in the '70s, but this time at walking speed. Sony introduces the Walkman, the first commercially successful "personal stereo." Its wearable design and lightweight headphones gave listeners the freedom to listen to music privately while out in public. The product was an instant hit. The Walkman was a mark of coolness among consumers, setting a standard for future generations of personal devices like the Apple iPod. Hide Caption 62 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Magic vs. Bird – The 1979 national championship game between Michigan State and Indiana State still ranks as the most-watched college basketball game of all time, thanks to two up-and-coming superstars: Michigan State's Earvin "Magic" Johnson, bottom, and Indiana State's Larry Bird. Johnson's Spartans won the NCAA title, but the two players' rivalry was only just beginning. During their pro careers in the NBA, Bird's Boston Celtics and Johnson's Los Angeles Lakers would meet in the NBA Finals three times in the '80s. Hide Caption 63 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Three Mile Island – On March 28, 1979, the worst nuclear accident in U.S. history took place in Pennsylvania when large amounts of reactor coolant and radioactive gases from the Three Mile Island power plant were released into the environment. Within days of the accident, 140,000 people evacuated their homes within a 20-mile radius of the plant. The accident brought widespread attention to reactor safety and large protests from anti-nuclear groups. Cleanup from the accident began in August 1979 and was not completed until December 1993. Hide Caption 64 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s The Iron Lady – Margaret Thatcher celebrates her first election victory, becoming Britain's first female Prime Minister on May 4, 1979. As leader of the Conservative Party, Thatcher served three terms as Prime Minister, holding the office until 1990. That made her the longest-serving British Prime Minister of the 20th century. Hide Caption 65 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Deadliest day in U.S. aviation – Only moments after takeoff, an engine separated from American Airlines Flight 191, causing the plane to crash in a field near Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on May 26, 1979. All 271 people on board the plane -- and two people on the ground -- were killed, making it the worst aviation accident ever on U.S. soil. Hide Caption 66 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s SALT II – The Strategic Arms Limitation Talks, otherwise known as SALT, were a series of meetings and treaties designed at limiting and keeping track of the missiles and nuclear weapons carried by the United States and the Soviet Union. The first treaty was signed in 1972, and the second one was signed in 1979. Six months after the second signing, however, the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan, and the United States never ratified the SALT II agreement. Hide Caption 67 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s An 'American Hustle' – Scandals shaped a large part of the '70s political atmosphere, and the decade ended on a big one. During a two-year investigation, the FBI set up a sting operation dubbed "Abscam," videotaping politicians accepting bribes from a phony Arabian company in return for favors. The sting resulted in the conviction of six U.S. representatives, one senator, a mayor from New Jersey and members of the Philadelphia City Council. The operation was the inspiration for David O. Russell's 2013 film "American Hustle." Hide Caption 68 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s From Boy Scout to murderer – Ted Bundy, one of the most notorious serial killers of all-time, stands trial in June 1979 for two of his many murders. Bundy received three death sentences for murders he committed in Florida, and he was executed on January 24, 1989. Bundy confessed to 30 murders before his death, but officials believe that number could be higher. Hide Caption 69 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s Iran hostage crisis – In November 1979, 66 Americans were taken hostage after supporters of Iran's Islamic Revolution took over the U.S. Embassy in Tehran, Iran. All female and African-American hostages were freed, but President Carter could not secure the other 52 hostages' freedom. They were finally released after Ronald Reagan was sworn in as President 444 days later. Many feel the Iran hostage crisis cost Carter a second term. Hide Caption 70 of 71 Photos: 70 historic moments from the 1970s A living saint – Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu, or "Mother Teresa," won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1979 for dedicating her life to helping the poor. Her foundation in Kolkata, India, "The Missionaries of Charity," took care of orphans, the sick and elderly. In 2003, she was beatified. Hide Caption 71 of 71

John Sutter: Hmm, identity crisis...

At 33, I'm a young-ish-but-sorta-old person with a generational identify crisis. I've been told I don't text back fast enough to be a millennial -- but I also don't have Kurt Cobain's death circled (in black) on my calendar, so maybe I'm not so gen X. I can quote "Reality Bites," a staple of the 30s to 40s set, but I also use Snapchat.

I'm both and neither. Generation-adjacent. Floating in time.

John Sutter's selfie at the Golden Gate Bridge in 2013, after he finished a reporting trip down the San Joaquin River in California.

I think people in my situation -- the youngish-sorta-getting-older set -- define ourselves mostly in terms of what we're not. Which is to say that we're not boomers -- or anything the boomers say about us. They're so en-TITLED, so NEEDY, so stuck in their little gadgets or whatever. You've heard that junk for years. It's almost trite to repeat. But since boomers run the media and the job market, there seems to be no shortage of "trend piece" drivel about the vapid millennials and our shoddy work ethic. If the boomers took 10 minutes to listen, they'd notice that young people today have it worse. The job market's better but still rough; part-timing's the norm. This is the age of inequality, climate change and anti-immigrant sentiment. We millennial-adjacents may seem wayward and indecisive -- but we're light years ahead on all those issues.

It's the boomers holding us back. I mean -- it is, right?

John D. Sutter is a columnist for CNN Opinion and creator of CNN's Change the List project. E-mail him at ctl@cnn.com

Donna Brazile: We got Steve Jobs and Oprah Winfrey

I'm a proud baby boomer. That's my generation, marked by the proliferating of our parents or grandparents after they returned from World War II.

Donna Brazile at the 20th anniversary of the March on Washington in 1983, which she helped organize.

From the beginning of the 1900s to about the mid-'60s, generations had romantic names: the lost generation, the greatest generation, the silent generation, the baby boomers. Then someone hiccuped and historians went generic: gen X, gen Y and gen Z.

If I were a member of generations X, Y or Z, I'd be miffed. Candidly, it's a wonder they don't suffer from an identity crisis. On top of bearing names as sterile as a supercomputer lab, they have to hear how they're all "me, me, me," and (further) will be the first generations to do worse in America than their parents. All I can say is that I will take the blame for the world that generations X through Z inherited from us. But, please do remember, we have not only lived through the traumas of our times, but yours as well.

For all our faults, any generation that produced Dolly Parton, Elvis, Elton John, Oprah Winfrey, Michael Jackson and Bruce Springsteen -- not to mention Steve Jobs and Bill Gates — has to be considered the best. But I am sure some of my friends in the millennial generation would likely say the best is yet to come. Go ahead. Prove me wrong.

Donna Brazile, a CNN contributor and a Democratic strategist, is vice chairwoman for voter registration and participation at the Democratic National Committee. A nationally syndicated columnist, she is an adjunct professor at Georgetown University and author of " Cooking With Grease ."

Paul Callan: Gen Ys and millennials, stop whining

We baby boomers grew up watching small black and white TVs that carried only four networks that went off the air at midnight. Cable news and the Internet didn't exist. Most music came from static ridden AM radios.

In school sports, not everybody made the team. Parents didn't "helicopter" their kids. College students traveled between home and school by hitchhiking to save money. We didn't believe in haircuts or the Vietnam War. Everyone was afraid the Russians were going to nuke us. People under 25 feared getting drafted into the military if they didn't volunteer. A lot of my friends did and many got killed.

Paul Callan, from his Boston College Law School ID in 1975, when he was 25 years old.

In 1975, the starting salary for district attorneys in New York was $11,500 per year. When I began my legal career at the Brooklyn DA's Office, I didn't get a paycheck for six months because of New York City's financial crisis. The crime rate was three times higher than it is now and was handled by one-third the number of assistant district attorneys. We often worked nights and weekends for no extra pay. Didn't matter since we weren't getting paid anyway.

At work, there were "typewriters," "carbon paper" for making copies and "white out" to correct errors. Spellcheck had not been invented. You had to get it right the first time or you would look like an idiot to the judge because of all the white out on your document. Public telephone calls were made from "phone booths": the place where Clark Kent changes into his Superman costume.

Cigarette smoke hung in the air everywhere as smoking was permitted in offices, bars, restaurants, buses, movie theaters, airplanes and even in courtrooms and hospitals.

People who owned cars put "No Radio" signs on them because thieves smashed car windows and stole radios all the time. Replacing the glass was more expensive than the radio.

In 1977, New York's power system failed for over 24 hours and the city descended into a night of terror and looting. A serial killer called "Son of Sam" was still on the loose that night. But we survived.

We boomers are tough, resilient, hardworking and creative. Instead of whining, we invented rock 'n' roll.

Paul Callan , a CNN legal analyst, is a former New York homicide prosecutor who now serves as senior trial counsel to CallanLegal and Edelman & Edelman, PC, both New York law firms that litigate criminal and civil cases. He looks forward to residing at an upscale assisted living facility in the future at the expense of his three Millennial children. Read Callan at CallanLegal.blogspot.com

Matthew Segal: What's holding us back?

Debating which generation is better or cooler is a popular but futile exercise. It's pretty clear, for instance, that every generation wishes it could claim Bob Dylan. Boomers win on that one. Debating which generation had it tougher, however, depends.

Matthew Segal providing testimony before the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Education and Labor in 2009.

To a certain extent, there have always been throngs of poor youngsters who work for minimum wage, toil as unpaid interns, or slog through as chronically underemployed baristas. What's alarming these days is the acute degree of income inequality Americans face: the highest since 1928. The house you are born into is much more likely to dictate your socioeconomic status than just about anything else.

The cost of college also matters -- a lot. Since 1978, university tuition has ballooned over 1000%. The notion of higher education has shifted. Ben Franklin, for example, saw it as a public good. Now it's seen more as a private commodity, financed largely through student loans. These loans are holding America back: A $1.3 trillion student loan debt crisis means houses, cars and goods are less affordable for young Americans, and that in turn drags down our entire economy.

Maybe we should compare ourselves to other countries where college is virtually free, or our friendly neighbors up north where upward mobility is on the rise, rather than previous or future generations in America.

Matthew Segal is the co-founder of Attn.com and OurTime.org , advocacy organizations for young Americans.

Sarah Burris: Well, we all dislike Congress

The real reality that bites is that every generation was screwed by the economic dip, but every generation has an opportunity to try to fix it.

Millennials are lucky in that we have nothing like the Great Depression or the World Wars.

Sarah Burris, third from left, in Chinatown with her friends.

We are the most diverse generation in American history. We are also incredibly progressive.

We are creative and have used our ideas to make new things. Boomers invented the Internet, generation X improved it, and millennials found how to bring people closer through it. Even though we join all other generations in hating the nonsense that is the U.S. Congress, we remain optimistic that government can be used as a tool to help people, or, if you're a "Daily Show" fan, something to laugh at.

Like those who came before us we're neither better nor worse, good nor bad. We're different, and we bring different experiences and understanding to the table. There's no competition. We're in the same boat trying to do what we can with what we've got to make a better world.

Sarah Burris is a former editor at Future Majority. During the 2008 presidential election, she was named one of the five Rock the Vote Rock the Trail reporters and covered the perspectives of millennials.

Ana Navarro: For God's sake, just be thankful

For God's sake we live in the United States. We all have it good. Look around. There are families running from conflicts in the Middle East and children from Central America fleeing the dire circumstances of their lives.

Ana Navarro on CNN.

If you are lucky enough to be an American, be thankful. Make the most of it. Stop wondering if you had it tougher than your parents or if your kids will have it tougher than you.

Ana Navarro, a Republican strategist and commentator, served as national Hispanic campaign chairwoman for John McCain in 2008 and national Hispanic co-chair for Jon Huntsman's 2012 campaign.
====End Article====

====Article #40====
*TITLE: Cars, cities and men -- made out of ice
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/12/14/arts/ice-art-designs/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Zahra Jamshed']
*ARTICLE: Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice Artist Anish Kapoor has designed this winter hut "Stackhouse" entirely out of blocks of ice. Hide Caption 1 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice American artist Jim Denevan is known for creating large-scale geometric patterns across surfaces of sand and ice. Hide Caption 2 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice Here, Denevan uses snow on top of a frozen lake in Siberia to create circles. Hide Caption 3 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice The committee for the 2017 Warming Huts Art + Architecture competition invited the renowned artist to submit a design. Hide Caption 4 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice Brazilian artist Nele Azevedo's ice sculptures melted on the steps of Berlin's Concert Hall back in 2009. Hide Caption 5 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice Azevedo wanted to raise awareness to the earth's melting poles and continues to do similar public installations around the world. The work is called "Minimum Monument." Hide Caption 6 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice British artist Alex Chinneck froze a 17-ft-tall Christmas tree inside a cube of ice. The tree is decorated with 1,200 lights. Hide Caption 7 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice The Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival takes place in Harbin in Heilongjiang province, which is located in Northern China. Hide Caption 8 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice At the annual event, landmarks and buildings from around the world are reconstructed in ice. Snow sculptures like this one also feature. Hide Caption 9 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice The ICEHOTEL has been popping up in Northern Sweden every year during the cold winter months since 1989, when it was crowned the world's first ever ice hotel. Hide Caption 10 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice This month, the ICEHOTEL announced it plans to stay open all year round. Hide Caption 11 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice As the hotel is made from blocks of ice, it usually depends on freezing temperatures to maintain its structure. Now, the hotel will introduce solar-powered cooling technology that will allow it to stay frozen 12 months of the year. Hide Caption 12 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice With help from professional ice sculptors, Lexus fitted this NX crossover with wheels and tires made from ice. Hide Caption 13 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice The car was frozen for five days at -30 degrees Celsius before the new wheels were installed. Hide Caption 14 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice Artists Olafur Eliasson and Minik Rosing created this art installation using ice, in response to global warming and climate change. Hide Caption 15 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice The artists lay twelve blocks of ice outside the Place du Pantheon in Paris. The artists hoped that the melting installation would "inspire shared commitment to taking climate action," according to the installation's website. Hide Caption 16 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice Artist Sean Yoro paints directly onto melting ice floes. These murals only survived a week. Hide Caption 17 of 19

Photos: Stunning designs sculpted from ice Yoro hopes his work will "ignite a sense of urgency towards climate change." Hide Caption 18 of 19
====End Article====

====Article #41====
*TITLE: Facebook, Google to help fight fake news ahead of French elections
*URL: http://money.cnn.com/2017/02/06/technology/france-elections-fake-news-facebook-google/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Ivana Kottasova']
*ARTICLE: Google and Facebook are partnering with journalists to help prevent fake news stories from spreading during France's presidential election.

Google News Lab and the non-profit First Draft News have launched a verification project called "CrossCheck" that will help French newsrooms identify and quickly debunk hoaxes, rumors and other false claims.

At least 17 major news organizations are taking part in the project, including Le Monde, Agence France-Presse (AFP), Liberation, BuzzFeed and France Medias Monde, which manages Radio France Internationale and TV station France 24.

Google (GOOGL, Tech30) and Facebook (FB, Tech30) will provide the journalists with tools to help identify misleading content. Google Trends and CrowdTangle, a Facebook tool that monitors social networks, will be used to scan for problematic stories.

Google will also train students from France's leading journalism schools in advanced search techniques that can be used to identify fake news.

The students will add context to each false claim and create a live feed of shareable report cards on the CrossCheck website. The feed will be overseen by the Agence-France Presse.

The public will also be able to submit questions and links to disputed stories. Their questions will be answered on a dedicated website.

Related: Did fake news influence Italy's referendum?

Google and Facebook both confirmed their participation in the project, but did not provide additional details.

The first round of French elections will be held on April 23. Marine Le Pen, leader of the far right National Front party, is well positioned to advance to the second round of the presidential contest. She is not, however, currently favored to triumph in the second round runoff.

Google and First Draft News partnered on a similar project during last year's U.S. presidential election. The initiative, called Electionland, was aimed at reporting evidence of voter suppression during the contest.

Related: How Europe's elections could be hacked

Misleading stories and flat out fake news have plagued social media during major elections around the world. Facebook, Google (GOOGL, Tech30) and other companies have been under intense criticism over their approach to the problem.

Facebook is now attaching warning labels to made-up stories in some markets, and the company has taken steps to undercut the business model used by fake news publishers.

Related: Syrian refugee takes Facebook to court over fake news

First Draft News partners with newsrooms and other organizations to help them find, verify and publish content sourced from social media. CNN is a member of its partner network.
====End Article====

====Article #42====
*TITLE: Where to find the world's best tacos
*URL: http://cnn.com/2016/12/22/foodanddrink/mexico-city-best-tacos-navarte/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Scarlett Lindeman', 'For Cnn']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) It's 9 p.m., and Marco Ayoba, a taquero at Taqueria El Vilsito in Mexico City, is just getting started.

Blue apron, backward baseball cap, he works nimbly, slicing from a vertical spit of chili-rubbed pork crowned with a pineapple.

He captures the thin shavings of pork with a warm, corn tortilla held in his open palm.

A quick flick of the wrist and his blade nicks the pineapple at the top and the sliver of fruit falls directly into his waiting hand.

Ayoba will assemble hundreds of these tacos al pastor over the course of the night as families, couples and clusters of friends trickle to the restaurant.

Gathering outside of taquerias like El Vilsito (Petén 248, Narvarte, México, DF; +52 55 5682 7213) -- which is actually a working car garage by day, taco temple by night -- is a city tradition.

Mexico City is the taco capital of the world.

Know the tacos

From Coyoacan to Tepito, excellent tacos can be found throughout the federal district's 600 square miles (Distrito Federal, known as "DF" to locals).

Unlike New York City, for example, where a handful of key places get repped for the best pizza or Austin, where the top BBQ spots can be counted on one hand, Mexico City's size and scale has produced, literally, hundreds of contenders for best taco.

There are different styles as well.

Al pastor is a citywide specialty but there is also suadero, braised beef similar to brisket that demands its own category; and there are legions of taquerias devoted to carnitas, pork submerged and slowly simmered in its own fat -- essentially pork confit.

Add to the mix the dozens of regional tacos born in other states that have migrated to the city's center.

The point being, the pool is deep and trying to sample a comprehensive array of the city's best makes for a tough, albeit delicious, challenge.

Taqueria La Costilla

A well-charred rubble of beef is the star of La Costilla's namesake taco.

Enter Narvarte, a quiet, centrally located, middle-class neighborhood that's off the main tourist grooves, but close enough to them.

The colonia (or neighborhood) is defined by two wide avenues that run diagonally, meeting in the middle at a large roundabout; here, charmingly called a glorieta in Spanish.

With its circular plaza and towering palm trees, la glorieta Doctor Vertiz provides the nexus for a concentration of superlative taquerias, all of which can be reached by walking.

On the eastern side of the glorieta, Taqueria La Costilla (Cumbres de Maltrata 352, Narvarte, Mexico, DF; +52 (55) 5579 1852) is noticeable by smell, first.

Smoke pours from the kitchen onto the street, perfuming the area with an aroma of charcoal and grilling meats.

Order their namesake, a costilla taco, and service is quick to hand over a well-charred rubble of beef unceremoniously plunked onto a plastic plate.

It's 100 grams of meat with three tortillas -- little more than the iron-twang of good beef, salt and a little garlic, all begging for one of their incendiary salsas.

Maquech Purpura

Not 100 yards away is Marquesh Purpura (Tepozteco 808, Narvarte, Mexico, DF; +52 (55) 5590 9577), where cochinita pibil reigns.

"We have over 40 years making cochinita," a manager says, gesturing to a wall of faded black-and-white framed photographs.

"We started as a cart on the street, two blocks away, and bit by bit we grew to where we are today."

The kitchen rubs pork with a scarlet marinade of ground achiote (also known as annatto), sour orange, salt and oregano. It's then wrapped in banana leaves and slow-roasted.

Once shredded, it's fashioned into tacos, overflowing with sopping threads of pork, served with pickled red onions and habanero salsa.

It's one of the true jewels of Yucatecan gastronomy, transported to the urban jungle.

"You know what's crazy?" says the manager, "Just an hour ago, I saw an eagle with something in its claws fly over and land on the top of that tree" pointing to a fir in the glorieta. "He was eating, too."

Tacos Manolo

A quick jaunt west, down Luz Savinon, is the popular Tacos Manolo (Calle Luz Saviñón 1305, Narvarte, Mexico, DF; +52 (55) 4437 1463), two locations which sit across the street from each other.

They started as a street stand, and then expanded to a proper sit-down location.

Their specialty is a taco Manolo, which melds chopped steak with bacon and flecks of caramelized onion.

It can be ordered on corn tortillas or pan árabe, a flat wheat bread that's a culinary cross-pollination brought by Lebanese immigrants to Mexico in the early 20th century.

They brought the technique of spinning meat on a vertical rotisserie, shawarma-style, swapping out lamb for pork once in Mexico.

Tacos Manolo is like most taquerias in the city, an alternative realm that blurs the line between restaurant and public space.

The doors open onto the street and while there is table service, seating is minimal; most patrons stand while eating, dripping salsa onto the sidewalk.

These eateries meld indoor with the open air and dining among strangers is de rigueur.

Tacos Tony

The taco "jacuzzi" at Tacos Tony.

There's always a flock of patrons in front of Tacos Tony (Calle Torres Adalid 1702, Narvarte, Mexico, DF), a free-standing stall on a slim median between two streets.

Only open at night, its bright lights draw diners who are mesmerized by the circular trough called a choricero, filled with bubbling fat.

It's a jacuzzi and everyone is invited: suadero in big hunks; squiggles of tripe; thick, red longaniza sausages; and cebollitas, or spring onions, bobbing like ping pong balls in the hot liquid.

Mateo, a taquero manning the stand, chops a fistful of meat on a well-worn wooden chopping block.

"Compared to some of the old-time taquerias in the neighborhood, we're relatively new.

"Only 10 years," he says.

Parsley is draped on the counter like garland.

Office workers with their ties thrown over the shoulder, heads cocked to the side, inhale suadero tacos on double tortillas.

Tacos Beto

And, finally, at the end of the trail is Tacos Beto (Dr José María Vertiz 1028, Narvarte, Mexico, DF), a matchbox of a taqueria with harsh fluorescent lighting and sidewalk seating.

On one recent visit, they had an entire quarter of a cow hanging on a hook waiting for breakdown.

Their specialty is a taco cochinada, a play on the slang word for pig, cochino, meaning filthy or sloppy.

The taco contains braised pork that is fried on the flat-top and slipped onto a tortilla.

All of the residual, crispy bits that adhere to the cooking surface are scraped up and slapped on top.

It's a glorious taco, almost a hash of porcine crumbles, best offset with a squeeze of lime and a spoonful of green salsa.
====End Article====

====Article #43====
*TITLE: The world's top 10 road trips
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/05/travel/travel-top-10-road-trips/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Jade Bremner', 'Peter Shadbolt']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) It doesn't matter whether you're sitting amid the high whine of an old Mini Cooper or feeling the swirl of acceleration from the bucket seat of a Bentley Bentayga V12, the open road is one of life's great levelers.

Fresh air, great scenery and a wide open road are the Holy Trinity of freedom -- and it's there for anyone with a set of wheels.

But with about 64 million kilometers of roads girdling the globe, where's the best place to open up the throttle and chew up the miles?

From a morning's jaunt to clear out the cylinders to epic road trips of sun, sea and sand, here's a fast countdown of the top 10 road tours worldwide.

Route 62, South Africa

Distance: 748 kilometers.

Approximate route time: Nine-and-a-half hours (nonstop).

Over 65 wineries along the way will have you wishing you were a passenger rather than the driver.

Shift driving works best along this long tourist route stretching between Cape Town and Port Elizabeth, with stops at dozens of non-boozy attractions splintering off the main path, such as cliffs, fauna, rivers, valleys and plains.

Chapman's Peak Drive is a recommended diversion at the start of your journey, a spectacular nine-kilometer marine drive winding its way around the mountainside between Hout Bay and Noordhoek.

Highlights: The hot mineral springs and private Roman baths at the Warmwaterberg Spa are a godsend for shoulder muscles after hours of driving.

Alternatively a two-day hike on the famed Donkey Trail over the Swartberg Mountains will get the blood pumping again before the next stretch of road.

The Klaasvoogds Game Reserve further along Route 62 is speckled with black wildebeest, leopard tortoise and Burchell's zebra.

Stop for a bite at: Ronnie's Sex Shop. Initially the sign was "Ronnie's Shop" but when "Sex" was graffitied as a prank Ronnie decided to leave it up and run with the theme. It's now a bizarre sex-themed popular pub hangout for bikers, local farmers and regulars along the road.

Warmwaterberg Spa ; R62, Barrydale 6750, Warmwaterberg, South Africa; +27 28 572 1609

NC500, Scotland

Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Wide open road – With towns and villages few and far between, the coastline of northern Scotland is one of the most unspoiled areas of Europe. Roads here are empty of traffic and typically offer gorgeous views, although they are often single-lane and require the use of passing places from time to time. Hide Caption 1 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Cascades – Well worth a visit on the route out from Inverness, Rogie Falls are a series of dramatic cascades on the River Blackwater in Torrachilty Forest. Visit from July through late September for a chance to see Atlantic salmon leaping up the adjacent salmon ladder. Hide Caption 2 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Seafood smorgasbord – Undoubtedly one of the best seafood restaurants in the British Isles, the Kishorn Seafood Bar in Strathcarron is a simple, award-winning eatery located between Lochcarron and Shieldaig at the foot of the Applecross hills, with beautiful views of the Isle of Skye. The emphasis here is on local produce. Hide Caption 3 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Smoked fish – Beautifully sited on the northern shore of Loch Ewe, the Isle of Ewe Smokehouse boasts fantastic views toward the Torridon Hills to the south and the Outer Hebrides to the west. This small artisan company specializes in hot and cold smoked salmon from Loch Duart. Hide Caption 4 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Birds and beasts – Wildlife fans will enjoy the fauna on the NC500, with attractions ranging from Highland cattle, red kites and sea eagles to puffins, red squirrels and otters. Binoculars and a telephoto lens are indispensible. Hide Caption 5 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Fortress of solitude – With the imposing Quinag mountain range as a backdrop, the atmospheric ruined fortress of Ardvreck Castle sits on a promontory on the edge of Loch Assynt. Built in the 16th century, it was the traditional seat of the MacLeods of Assynt. The promontory is sometimes cut off by high water, leaving Ardvreck on its very own island. Hide Caption 6 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Northern delights – What would a road trip be without decent sustenance? From freshly caught scallops and mouthwatering pies to the finest kippers and succulent venison, there are more than enough culinary highlights on the NC500. High-end eateries line the route, such as The Albannach , a Michelin-starred restaurant in Lochinver, Helmsdale's Thyme and Plaice and Ullapool's The Arch Inn . The Lochinver Larder (pictured right) serves some of the best sweet and savory pies Scotland has to offer. Dunnet Bay Distillers produce a handcrafted Rock Rose Gin (pictured left). Hide Caption 7 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Blissed-out beaches – Whether travelers are looking for private tranquility, pounding surf or pristine beauty, the beaches of the NC500 have it all. On the road from Gairloch to Ullapool, Mellon Udrigle is an arc of pure white sand bordered by turquoise water -- more reminiscent of the Mediterranean than northern Scotland. One of the most beautiful beaches in Sutherland, Oldshoremore (known locally as Am Meallan), developed from eroded sandstone and seashells, is another favorite. A short drive beyond Kylesku, its remote sands are often completely deserted. Hide Caption 8 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Chocolate heaven – Perhaps one of the most remote chocolate shops in Europe, Cocoa Mountain in Durness has won rave reviews for its hot chocolate and awesome varieties of dark and white chocolate. An essential pit stop for NC500 travelers with a sweet tooth. Hide Caption 9 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Smoo Cave – Carved out of the limestone cliffs near Durness, the Smoo Cave is dramatic enough to warrant an hour or two's exploration. Depending on the tide, it can be viewed by boat, or by a path running down from the clifftop car park. It boasts one of the largest entrances to any sea cave in Britain (50 foot or 15 meters), and is floodlit inside. A noisy colony of fulmars can be found perching on the cliffs outside. Hide Caption 10 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Fairytale castle – Disneyesque Dunrobin Castle , located on the outskirts of Golspie, is the most northerly of Scotland's great houses. It's also one of Britain's oldest continuously inhabited houses dating back to the early 1300s, home to the Earls and later, the Dukes of Sutherland. The castle, which is more akin to a French chateau with its towering conical spires, has seen the architectural influences of Sir Charles Barry, who designed London's Houses of Parliament and Scotland's own Sir Robert Lorimer. The site also boasts a falconry center and picturesque gardens. Hide Caption 11 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Hidden harbor – On the road from Wick to Golspie, the well-concealed Whaligoe Steps were built into the precipitous cliff face in Ulbster sometime in the 1700s. The 350-odd flagstone stairway was once used by fisherwomen to transport to market baskets of fish from the vessels landing at the highly inaccessible harbor below. Hide Caption 12 of 13 Photos: NC500: Has Scotland created greatest road trip ever? Something new, something old – Whatever the time of year, the NC500 offers travelers a wild and wondrous slice of remote and often highly traditional Scottish Highland life. Hide Caption 13 of 13

Distance: 830 kilometers (500 miles)

Approximate route time: Three to seven days.

While you can complete Britain's latest coast road in a long weekend, you'll want to linger along some of the most scenic roads in the Northern Hemisphere.

Only opened in 2015, the North Coast 500 (NC500 for short) is part of an initiative set up by Prince Charles to showcase the craggy grandeur of Scotland's coast, both east and west, and already it's won plaudits as one of the world's best road trips.

Highlights: Castles, lochs, glens and mop-topped Highland cattle are the stars of this loop road which has been billed as Scotland's answer to Route 66.

Stop for a bite at: The Kishorn Seafood Bar where the seafood is as good as the Highland views. Its seafood platter regularly rates a mention and is rated as one of 10 best places to eat by the sea in the UK. The Kishorn Seafood Bar where the seafood is as good as the Highland views. Its seafood platter regularly rates a mention and is rated as one of 10 best places to eat by the sea in the UK.

Ticlio Pass, Peru

Ticlio Pass: One for adventure-seekers.

Distance: 132 kilometers.

Approximate route time: Three hours (nonstop).

One for the adrenaline junkies, this hairy drive along the highest paved road in South America (almost 4,877 meters above sea level) sweeps through the Andes and has prayer-inducing bends, suicidal wild llamas darting out of the scenery and mountains prone to landslides.

Potentially you'll be dodging giant boulders falling from above, but the view at the end of the paved road is worth nearly dying for.

Highlights: The Ticlio railroad is definitely worth a gawp. At 4,758 meters above sea level, this is one of the highest railway lines in the world and was built to service the local mining community as well as send rich minerals including zinc and lead down the mountain.

Stop for a bite at: The roadside cafés. Choose wisely between a Russian roulette of ceviche and fried guinea pig.

Jebel Hafeet, United Arab Emirates

A perfect Bond villain retreat: Mercure Grand Jebel Hafeet.

Distance: 11.7 kilometers.

Approximate route time: Up to 30 minutes (nonstop).

Built so that rich residents can get their kicks in their million-dollar toy cars, this road doesn't take you anywhere -- except to a private palace and an exclusive hotel.

Carved into the desert, the road is worth the journey up and back for the smooth surfaces and 60 race-track-worthy corners that snake around the Hafeet mountain.

"This is a cracking stretch of road for driving enthusiasts," explains Phill Tromans from Evo magazine. "There's a fast section and slow sections, it's just perfect for technical driving."

Highlights: Magic-eye fans eat your heart out; during summer the 45 C heat creates the illusion that the golden barren dunes in the distance are moving. If that's not entertainment enough, there's also a golf course at top of the hill.

Stop for a bite at: Le Belvedere at the Mercure Grand hotel on the Hafeet mountain will whip up a few Moroccan, Italian and French bites.

The Atlantic Road, Norway

The Atlantic Road: Best enjoyed at sunset.

Distance: 8 kilometers.

Approximate route time: Less than 30 minutes (nonstop).

Belly-flips and bridges make up this high-octane drive along the Norwegian coastline.

The overpass dips during this journey can be experienced between Kristiansund and Molde, and regular vicious storms in the area intensify the ride.

If "technical" driving does nothing for you, get ready to see unusual birds flying overhead, while seals and whales swim off the coastline. Plus, at dusk there's a wickedly orange sunset.

Highlights: The dark 80-meter long Bremsnes Cave, found at the Bremsneshatten Mountain, is well worth a visit.

Scuba diving off the shore during the winter months is a must-do. Marine life in this area is abundant and visibility reaches up to 60 meters. Book a trip with Strømsholmen Sea Sports Center.

Stop for a bite at: Derinngarden in Halåsen is a cute farm shop selling delicious syrups, jams, handmade cheese and yogurt. Alternatively the Bjartmars Favorittkro tavern serves decent local bacalao (dried cod).

Derinngarden ; Halåsen, N-6490, Eide, Norway; +47 (0) 7 149 1100

The Alcan Highway, Canada to Alaska

You can take a hiking detour to Liard River Hot Springs.

Distance: 2,167 kilometers.

Approximate route time: One day and seven hours (nonstop).

If Bear Grylls did road trips he'd be all over this mammoth long-haul route in the moody North American wilderness.

Snow chains, a down jacket and a cooler full of sandwiches will serve you well in these harsh weather conditions.

In between the snowstorms, find classic mountains, sparkling lakes, dog-sleds, wolves and the odd grizzly bear.

Highlights: Hiking detours are a must. Finish up at Muncho Lake and Liard River and Liard River Hot Springs (the second-largest hot spring in Canada) and take a dip in piping hot waters.

The Watson Lake Sign Post Forest is worth a bash. Alternatively, the owners at the family-run Burnt Paw and Cabins Outback motel in Tok are fanatical about dog mushing and provide free dog-sled demos daily.

Stop for a bite at: Klondike Kate's Restaurant in Dawson City serves vegetarian meals and healthy smoothies, the sickly sweet tin-roof chocolate pie is top banana.

At Delta Junction, Rika's Roadhouse serves awesome homemade chicken noodle soup and hearty doorstep sandwiches.

The Liard River Hot Springs are located in Liard River Hot Springs Provincial Park, at kilometer 765 of the Alaska Highway 97, +1 250 427 5452

Klondike Kate's ; 3rd Avenue & King Street, Box 417, Dawson City, Yukon, Canada; +1 867 993 6527; open from April to September

Rika's Roadhouse ; Mile 275, Richardson Highway, Delta Junction, Alaska, United States, +1 907 895 4201

Transfagarasan Road, Romania

Transfagarasan Road: A twisting ride through Dracula country.

Distance: 116 kilometers.

Approximate route time: 100 minutes.

Spooky dark tunnels (the longest is more than 800 meters and pitch black), plus endless twists and turns make for a thrilling ride through Dracula territory.

The winding road from Cartisoara goes south to Curtea de Arges then zigzags from Transylvania into Muntenia, and later ascends to 2,034 meters, to the highest peak in Romania (Moldoveanu Peak).

Highlights: A surefire way to creep out your road trip buddies is to climb the 1,400 steps to the Poenari Castle, the former residence of Vlad III, the inspiration for Bram Stoker's Dracula.

The Balea Waterfall and Vidraru Lake and Dam lie further along the track are spectacular sites.

Stop for a bite at: Guest lodge Pensiunea Balea is just seven kilometers from Cartisoara and serves home-cooked Romanian dishes in a secluded foresty setting.

Pensiunea Balea ; Transfagarasan 711, Cartisoar; Call ahead to book: +40 7 4438 8487

Great Ocean Road, Australia

Great Ocean Road: Contains sea, rainforest, cliffs and koalas.

Distance: 253 kilometers.

Approximate route time: Four hours.

For fewer thrills, but extra frills, this drive has more attractions than it has cars.

Here mountains meet oceans, rainforests meet dramatic cliffs, and lighthouses meet national parks (home to stacks of anteaters, kangaroos, penguins, koalas and multi-colored parrots). At the end of the route you'll want to U-turn and ride it again.

"You can't speed along, because of the speed cameras," explains Imthishan Giado, editor of motoringme.com, "but it still offers an incredible coastline, little towns, world-class surf and The Twelve Apostles."

Highlights: Bells Beach -- made famous by the epic surf flick "Point Break." Though the movie wasn't actually filmed here, it still draws surfers from far and wide (word of warning before you don your wetsuit: great white sharks attack in this spot).

Swimmers are best off going for a dip at Apollo Bay, one of the safest spots in the area; the cute coastal village here also runs horse and bike riding.

At Great Otway National Park, detour to Otway Lighthouse for an incredible view of Australia's Shipwreck Coast.

The climax of this journey is, of course, the breathtaking Twelve Apostles, a collection of limestone stacks towering 65 meters above the water.

Stop for a bite at: The Pickled Pig at Warrnambool serves fennel and cinnamon slathered pork cutlets and scallops doused in basil and cashew pesto.

Pickled Pig ; 78 Liebig St., Warrnambool, Victoria 3280, Australia; +61 3 5561 3188

Amalfi Coast Road, Italy

Amalfi Coast Road: Perfect for a drop-top on a summer's day.

Distance: 56 kilometers.

Approximate route time: 75 minutes.

We'd forgive you for smashing up your vintage convertible MG when distracted by the pastel villages, historic churches and pristine lapping coastline here.

This is one of the prettiest routes we've ever encountered, and the coastal roads are crammed with enough hairpin bends to get your pacemaker screaming.

"It's absolutely beautiful, the scenery makes this road trip," says David Light, motoring editor at Khaleej Times. "The best way to experience it is in the summer, in a drop-top sports car."

Highlights: The stretch from Praiano to Positano for the corniche, plus Grotta dello Smeraldo, a cave with jade waters that look like they glow.

Stop for a bite at: The two-Michelin-starred Rossellinis restaurant in Ravello is a fancy spot for traditional European food, and a killer view of fishing boats beneath.

Rossellinis , inside Hotel Palazzo Sasso; Via San Giovanni del Toro 28, Ravello, Italy; +39 8981 8181

Milford Road, New Zealand

Milford Sound is the most celebrated of the 15 fjords in Fiordland National Park.

Distance: 120 kilometers.

Approximate route time: 90 minutes.

This is the sort of the landscape that gets hobbits hot under the collar, and we don't blame them.

A drive through the mountains of New Zealand's South Island, from Te Anau towards Milford Sound into Fiordland National Park, this is possibly the most scenic route on the planet.

Think mighty cliffs, snow-capped summits, waterfalls and fern trees that stick their middle fingers (or branches) up to gravity.

Highlights: It's hard not to stop and stare at the ridiculous beauty of Eglington Valley and the Mirror Lakes (which mirror their surroundings with crystal clarity).

The Avenue of the Disappearing Mountain is also staggering -- an optical illusion causes the approaching mountain to get smaller rather than larger.

Stop for a bite at: The cozy Blue Duck Café & Bar, at Sound Lodge in Milford Sound Village, serves hearty grub and local beer and is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
====End Article====

====Article #44====
*TITLE: City of Tomorrow
*URL: http://www.cnn.com/interactive/2014/05/specials/city-of-tomorrow/index.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: About this project

The city of tomorrow might already be here.

Right now, 21st century challenges like greenhouse gases, crime and high energy costs — are being met worldwide with real innovation.

In the coming years communities will grow at an amazing pace. The United Nations predicts by 2030, 60% of the world will live in cities. Demand for clean air, water, energy — and convenience — will skyrocket.

Along with emerging innovations, increased connectivity via the Internet and smart devices promises to help solve many of these threats.

Imagine turning the ocean into drinking water, ending traffic jams, making policing smarter and creating buildings with zero carbon footprints.

The conversation is happening now at #CityofTomorrow on @CNN and https://www.facebook.com/cnn.
====End Article====

====Article #45====
*TITLE: Six Nations 2017: Scotland secures historic win, England edges one step closer to record,
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/02/04/sport/six-nations-rugby-ireland-scotland-england-france/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Henry Young']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) Having toppled the All Blacks in Chicago three months ago , Ireland went into the opening match of this year's Six Nations hoping to recapture the form that saw it win the tournament in 2014 and 2015.

Instead, to the delight of Murrayfield, Scotland secured its first opening day Six Nations victory since 2006, courtesy of Greig Laidlaw's efficient kicking and two early tries from man of the match Stuart Hogg.

"It's quite a nice feeling to be honest," Scotland head coach Vern Cotter told reporters, after his side successfully fought-off an Irish comeback to win 27-22.

"We dominated the first half and they dominated the second half, but there was composure at the end and we managed to get what we wanted."

Cotter had admitted in the build-up he could "feel a nervousness" in his squad, but Scotland started with verve and no shortage of attacking intent, buoyed by the Murrayfield faithful in the winter sunshine.

And, when the ball was swept right to Hogg, last year's Player of the Championship made no mistake, collecting the ball on the bounce and crossing the line.

Laidlaw did well to convert, defying strong Edinburgh winds to establish a seven-point lead.

That had been Scotland's first real foray forward, but Hogg was soon at it again, scoring a second, nonchalantly selling a dummy on the left before bursting through once more.

In doing so, the Glasgow Warriors star became Scotland's record try scorer at the Six Nations.

"They scored seemingly every time they touched the ball at one point," Ireland captain Rory Best lamented after the game.

Greig Laidlaw and his Scotland teammates pose with the Centenary Quaich Cup.

'Over the moon'

A missed interception from winger Tommy Seymour allowed Ireland's Keith Earls to get one back, though Paddy Jackson missed with the conversion.

If the momentum seemed to be swinging in Ireland's favor, Scotland clearly hadn't read the script.

Some cute play from hooker Ross Ford found center Alex Dunbar in a move straight from the training ground and, after a third consecutive conversion from Laidlaw, Scotland had a 21-5 lead -- despite just 41% of possession.

Slowly but surely Ireland began to chip away at Scotland's lead. The visitors second try was all about the sheer power of Iain Henderson, as the second row bundled over the line, with Jackson converting to make it 21-15.

With the Irish forwards playing an increasingly important role, the comeback gathered further momentum as Jackson gave Ireland a one-point lead.

But the Scotland players dug deep and, with Laidlaw kicking perfectly, only needed a penalty to reestablish the lead at the death.

"Vern Cotter sat us down and said we're going to win it because we're bloody-minded and we did that today," smiled Laidlaw. "Absolutely over the moon."

Scotland moved to top of the table, while Ireland picked up the competition's first ever bonus point for losing by fewer than seven points.

JUST WATCHED Rugby Six Nations: four players to watch Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rugby Six Nations: four players to watch 01:28

England wins 'ugly'

Eddie Jones' England was a long way from its best against a spirited France side, but did enough to clinch a vital win.

Defending champion England went into Saturday's second match looking to make history of its own.

Beginning this Six Nations campaign on the back of 14 victories in a row, Eddie Jones' men had a chance to set a new national record, and move one step closer to New Zealand's all-time tally of 18 consecutive Test wins set only last year.

MILESTONE 🌹



Maro Itoje has just made his 100th tackle in an England shirt... pic.twitter.com/KTMQmMNgKy — England Rugby (@EnglandRugby) February 4, 2017

There was less welcome history for France, which hadn't won a Six Nations game at Twickenham since 2005.

France started the better, as three penalties from the left-footed Camille Lopez gave them a 6-9 half-time lead.

Elliot Daly thought he had given England the lead in the second period after mercurial work from George Ford put Owen Farrell through with acres of space, but video replays eventually showed Noa Nakaitaci had forced him out of play.

Instead it was French substitute Rabah Slimani who finished a brilliant move on the hour, crossing right under the posts.

Lopez converted to give France a 16-12 lead, and with England's creative players struggling to find their rhythm, Jones opted for raw power.

The strategy quickly worked, with substitute Ben Te'o -- just minutes after coming on -- barging through for a try on his Six Nations debut.

"It can't get much uglier than that," Jones admitted, having seen his players hold on to clinch a 19-16 win in a dour affair, fraught with errors and dominated by the forwards.

"For some reason we sat back in the first half, and we weren't our usual urgent selves. Sometimes these things happen; it is a game of rugby and there are humans involved."

Ben Te'o of England dives to score his side's first try.

"Plenty of credit has to go to our finishers," added England captain Dylan Hartley, acknowledging the decisive impact of the the home team's substitutions.

"Everyone on the field added something to the performance. We dug in, we got the win and we'll take something from that.

"This keeps us grounded and ready for next week. We'll have to be a lot better when we play Wales."

Jones continues to boast a 100% Six Nations win record, while France pick up a bonus point.

Should England complete the Grand Slam this year, New Zealand's record will be broken; as Jones put it, "It's still ugly but the result's beautiful."
====End Article====

====Article #46====
*TITLE: On 6 degrees of climate change (Opinion)
*URL: http://cnn.com/2015/05/21/opinions/sutter-6-degrees-climate/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['John D. Sutter']
*ARTICLE: CNN columnist John D. Sutter is spending the rest of the year reporting on a tiny number -- 2 degrees -- that may have a huge effect on the future of the planet. He'd like your help. Subscribe to the "2 degrees" newsletter or follow him on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram . You can shape his coverage.

Six degrees Celsius of warming may not sound like much -- probably because "temperatures can swing by 6 degrees within an hour if a warm front passes, and it doesn't mean the end of the world," said Mark Lynas, author of a book called "Six Degrees: Our Future on a Hotter Planet."

But if we raise global average surface temperatures by just 6 degrees above pre-industrial levels, Lynas told me, we'll create "a scenario which is so extreme it's almost unimaginable."

"Most of the planetary surface would be functionally uninhabitable," he said. "Agriculture would cease to exist everywhere, apart for the polar and sub-polar regions, and perhaps the mid-latitudes for extremely heat-tolerant crops. It's difficult to see how crops could be grown elsewhere. There's a certain level above which plants just can't survive.

"There's a certain level where humans biologically can't survive outside as well ... The oceans would probably stratify, so the oceans would become oxygen-deficient, which would cause a mass extinction and a die off in the oceans, as well -- which would then release gases and affect land. So it's pretty much equivalent of a meteorite striking the planet, in terms of the overall impacts."

I chatted with Lynas, a science writer in the UK, about how to avoid a 6-degree world, the international goal of limiting global warming to 2 degrees -- and how to talk to kids about climate change.

The following is an edited transcript of our conversation.

Mark Lynas

Sutter: I've gotten a lot of questions from readers about what 2 degrees of warming means. What does it mean for sea levels? What does it mean for hurricanes? Extinctions? Those sorts of things. Could I run through a couple of those and get your take on it, as someone who's read through just mountains of this research?

Lynas: Sure, sure. I'll do my best.

Sutter: OK. Could we start with extinctions? What will we see around the 2-degree mark?

In the marine environment, I think the most threatened ecosystems are coral reefs. (They're) threatened both by coral bleaching, due to rising temperatures and ocean acidification, plus the general degradation of everyday, general human activity. It's very tough to imagine that the world's coral reefs will continue to exist in their present day form in a 2-degree warmer world.

The other most-threatened environments probably are the mountain ecosystems -- where species will be left marooned in shrinking islands of habitat. As temperature rises, you can imagine biomes rising up the sides of the mountains, and species which are dependent on a certain level of temperature and humidity will get left with nowhere to go.

Sutter: What about hurricanes and severe weather?

There's really a lot of uncertainty about this. It's possible to imagine hurricanes will become less frequent but more intense, and possibly (form) over new areas.

Sutter: What about droughts? I get a lot of California questions.

Lynas: The overall global picture is kind of, 'unto them that have with be given more and unto them have not shall be taken away' -- if you want to get biblical. That maps out as the subtropics, which are already the drier parts of the globe, will become more water-deficient. The deep tropics will actually get more rainfall, as well as some of the mid-latitudes. But the subtropics -- which is the southwest of the U.S. -- would expect to see less rainfall, which indeed seems to be what's happening. That does call into question, really, the development model that large areas of the southwestern U.S. have adopted -- expecting a large amount of freshwater to be available to urban areas and agriculture, which are already in a pretty arid location.

So I do think it's going to be hard to adapt to that change.

Sutter: I've also gotten questions about the low-lying Pacific Island nations. At 2 degrees, what is their fate?

Lynas: I used to be adviser to president of the Maldives, who is, by the way, now in jail due to there having been a coup. But his challenge, and his main agenda, when he was president, was to bring to attention the fate of the small island states -- especially those that are coral atolls. For the Maldives, the entire country exists at a meter or less above sea level, and little more. It's difficult to imagine the survival of coral atoll nations at 2 degrees, it has to be said. Although the extinction process depends on the rate of sea level rise. It might take decades, it might take centuries, it's not clear at the moment. But I don't think they have a very long term future.

Sutter: Moving up the degree ladder, you describe a 6-degree world as a "sixth circle of hell." What do you mean by that -- and can you describe some of what we know about that world?

Lynas: It's a scenario which is so extreme it's almost unimaginable. Not many studies have addressed this because it's so far off the scale of what can be envisaged. I found myself looking back at the really serious traumatic events in the Earth's geological history, which have led to mass extinctions, such as the one at the end of the Permian period, 250 million years ago, which wiped out nearly 90% of life on Earth. Actually, a lot of the mass extinctions seem to have been associated with very rapid global warming events. Humans are releasing carbon more rapidly even than took place during mass extinctions. We haven't gotten there in terms of the overall amount, but we're certainly moving in that direction. So it's not a planet that I think any of us would want to live in, and it doesn't have to happen. While I think it's important to try to visualize what a 6-degree world would look like, it's also important to remember that we don't have to go there.

Sutter: What else do we know about a 6-degree world?

Lynas: Most of the planetary surface would be functionally uninhabitable. Agriculture would cease to exist everywhere, apart for the polar and subpolar regions, and perhaps the mid-latitudes for extremely heat-tolerant crops. It's difficult to see how crops could be grown elsewhere. There's a certain level above which plants just can't survive. There's a certain level where humans biologically can't survive outside, as well. We get close enough already in the Arabian Peninsula and some other parts of the world. Remember, 6 degrees is a global average. It would be probably twice that over land and somewhat less than that over the oceans. The oceans would probably stratify, so the oceans would become oxygen deficient, which would cause a mass extinction and a die off in the oceans, as well -- which would then release gases and affect land. So it's pretty much equivalent of a meteorite striking the planet, in terms of the overall impacts.

Sutter: I'm wondering why you took this approach -- looking at climate change by degrees?

Lynas: A lot of people want to know what warming we get with what emissions path, or what warming we might get by what date. That's pretty fundamentally uncertain because they depend on different factors which aren't very well quantified. I felt that looking at it degree by degree was much more robust. If the temperature rises by X amount then what will be Y impacts? There are three major sources of information about that. One is the observational changes we're already seeing in terms of impacts in temperature rise. The second is computer models showing different ecosystem changes or whatever. And the third is paleoclimate sources -- so looking at how the climate was different in earlier hotter periods in geologic time. So piecing those together and mapping them onto a degree by degree picture seemed to me to be a way to try to convey this in a visual and intuitive -- but also highly scientifically appropriate -- way.

Sutter: What do you think about the world's focus on the 2-degree mark? One activist said to me that 2 degrees is the only thing the international community agrees upon for climate change.

Lynas: I think it's important to have a target -- because it focuses policy and it focuses people's efforts. And it makes sense also to have a target based on the temperature. But it's not something we can meet, by definition. We don't have a simple thermostat where we can decide exactly how much carbon to emit and have an exact temperature result dependent on that. So, there's uncertainty, really, about what level of emissions will lead to what temperature outcomes, by when. However, I think that 2 degrees is really the absolute upper limit of what's tolerable in terms of ecosystems and, probably, adaptive capacities of human societies. A 2-degree world is a world without coral reefs, and with much less snow and ice and with fairly dramatic heatwaves -- and other impacts. So, I would like to see a global warming future in which warming actually is lower than that, personally.

Sutter: Do you think that's possible?

Lynas: I think it's possible. It's not very likely. If our current understanding of climate sensitivity is broadly correct then we're probably going to come in between 2 and 3 degrees, somewhere, by the end of the century. I guess the good news is the absolutely calamitous 5 and 6 degree outcomes are particularly unlikely, too, although still possible. And certainly, the risk of them happening is higher than the risk of an airplane crashing when we get onto it.

Sutter: Wait, so you're saying the risk of 5 or 6 degrees of warming -- a doomsday scenario -- is higher than an airplane crashing?

Lynas: Well, the likelihood of an airplane crashing is, I don't know, one in 1 million -- or something on that order of magnitude. Whereas the likelihood of coming within 5 or 6 degrees of warming is probably more than 1 in 100. It's the sort of risk that one would not tolerate at a personal level. But, perhaps because we can diffuse responsibility, we feel that it's tolerable for our species to take that gamble with the whole planet. Maybe it's because we just think there's nothing we can do about it. And we have an in-built optimism bias, myself included, where we like to think that things will just turn out all right, because they often tend to. And meantime we'll go on with our lives as normal. It's a big ask, I guess, to make society as a whole forgo the main energy source we all enjoy, which is fossil fuels, in order to forestall uncertain impacts decades into the future.

Sutter: One of the things that struck me from your book is that you were surprised people are depressed by climate change. Isn't this a pretty depressing subject?

It doesn't really matter whether you find it depressing or not, it's the scientific reality. We have to deal with it. A thing like climate change is known as a 'wicked problem.' It's seen differently by different people, according to their psychological, political and cultural biases. You can frame it as just a technology challenge: Let's get off of fossil fuels and let's get onto renewables and nuclear -- easy. Or you can frame it as a moral challenge: We're trespassing on the rights of future generations and how dare we do that. Or you can see it as a political challenge -- that somehow these big fossil fuel corporations are transgressing democracy and forcing us to stay hooked on oil and coal and gas. Different people, according to their politics, will see climate change fundamentally in this way. It's not a simple problem to understand.

Sutter: So how do you look at it? Do you ever find climate change overwhelming or depressing, personally?

Well, I'm a pragmatist. I think it's a solvable problem. I don't think we need to abandon capitalism or change our entire political system in order to tackle this challenge. Other people do, and I disagree with them on that. And we have debates late into the night. But I think with next-generation nuclear technologies, and particularly with the way solar power is developing so rapidly, and how rapidly it's coming down in cost, and how quickly the technology is improving, there are zero-carbon options now becoming much more widely available, which will bring down our emissions much more rapidly than people think -- or than people thought just a few years ago. I don't think there's any point being pessimistic about that. Pessimistic people don't achieve anything. It's important to do what's possible -- and to do it quickly.

Sutter: What do you make of the way the world's responding?

Lynas: We are now inhabiting a human-dominated planet. We are in a new epoch known as the Anthropocene. The Holocene is now considered to be over. And I don't think there's really been another species that has had that effect on the planet before -- maybe the first bacteria that emitted oxygen, or photosynthesizing microorganisms. But we really are into terra incognita looking forward. That gives our species a serious level of responsibility for planetary management that people just don't really appreciate at any kind of fundamental physiological or political level. We are in charge. It's up to us. We actually do have an overall effect on the earth's temp. It's not up to Mother Nature anymore to run the show.

Sutter: Do you have children?

Lynas: Yeah. The reason I was distracted just a minute ago was my kids just came back from school.

Sutter: Do you talk to them about this? What do you say?

Lynas: I talk to them a bit. They know what I do. Younger generations have grown up with this specter. It's a bit like how those of us who are older grew up with the Cold War and the threat of nuclear annihilation ... So they're not entirely in a different situation, I suppose, from previous generations. You could feel bad for future generations, but on the other hand I'm not sure their future is any worse than the future for somebody born in, say, 1900, who in all likelihood, in Europe, would have killed in one of the world wars. It's a manageable problem. We're beginning to get the grips of it. There are some positive signs already -- China and the U.S. agreeing to peak emissions, and things like that. So it's not a counsel of despair. And I think it's important to talk to kids at that level -- not to make them think that somehow they're fundamentally doomed.

That isn't the case and doesn't have to be the case.

Sutter: What needs to happen to ensure things do improve? What are the benchmarks you're looking to to say, 'OK, we're managing this problem. We're doing what's needed'?

Lynas: Well, I'm a Well, I'm a ecomodernist , which is a new label a lot of environmental thinkers are beginning to attach to themselves -- because it's a bit different from more traditional environmentalism, which thought we were somehow doomed or we were fundamentally a destructive species. We can turn this around -- this and other problems as well, if we have a more pragmatic approach to politics, economist -- and especially technology. We need to have a price on carbon, so that emitting carbon dioxide isn't cheaper than other energy sources. We need to invest heavily in research and development in zero-carbon sources, including next-generation nuclear renewable energies, especially solar. And we need to deploy them on an ever wider scale, with increased financing. We also need to have a political agreement -- so there's a sense the whole world is moving in the right direction. All of those things are not just possible, but I think they're fundamentally achievable, and likely. But we need to keep the pressure up on politicians and on everyone else.

Email questions to: climate [at] cnn.com.

Follow the project on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
====End Article====

====Article #47====
*TITLE: Chinese New Year: The art of the lion dance
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/01/27/arts/cny-lion/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Stephy Chung', 'Herbert Chow', 'Sai Ho']
*ARTICLE: Hong Kong (CNN) More than 1 billion people will celebrate the start of Lunar New Year on Saturday. Customs practiced leading up to and during the 15-day period, known as Spring Festival, include setting off fireworks to ward off evil spirits and eating dumplings.

The most recognized celebration -- and the act most closely associated with the Lunar New Year around the world -- remains that of the iconic lion dance. In Chinese communities from New York to Shanghai, colorful lion dances are performed to ensure an auspicious year ahead.

For members of Kwok's Kung Fu and Dragon Lion dance team in Hong Kong, Lunar New Year is their busiest season, with dancers training more than eight hours at a time and performing at 40 events over the two-week holiday.

"You have to work hard and practice hard," says master Andy Kwok, who has instructed 500 of the dance team's members over the last two decades.

Beyond Lunar New Year, the team competes in various competitions in Hong Kong and Asia, and performs at special occasions, such as new business openings and weddings.

Based on kung fu techniques, the lion dance is rooted in both discipline and form. But bringing the playful lion to life requires a degree of artistry and playacting.

"When you go inside the lion head, you have to think like the lion, not like a human," Kwok explains. "You have to know the character of the lion, blink like the lion, be hungry like the lion."

In the video above, watch the main two characters of the Southern style of the Chinese lion dance demonstrate movements. The monk is played by Tony Yuen, the lion's head is played by Reeve Chan, and the lion's tail is played by Steven Cheng.
====End Article====

====Article #48====
*TITLE: Miniature historic marvels carved into stone
*URL: http://cnn.com/2017/01/03/design/stone-architecture-matthew-simmonds/index.html
*AUTHORS: ['Zahra Jamshed']
*ARTICLE: (CNN) For over two decades Matthew Simmonds has been recreating history in miniature form.

From ancient religious buildings to Chinese feng shui, Simmonds finds inspiration through his extensive study of varying cultures and periods.

And it's his choice of canvas -- solid rock -- that makes his work particularly interesting.

As a qualified stonemason, he spends weeks at a time, meticulously carving detailed interiors into tiny pieces of limestone and marble.

"I'm not recreating any one building in particular, but instead looking at the way in which certain architectural trends exist during one particular historical period, then carve it into stone," Simmonds explains.

"I look at the language of buildings and create something of my own."

With a diverse international client base, Simmonds' portfolio spans several histories and cultures. His current work, a nod to Islamic architecture, is on display at the Islamic Arts Festival in Sharjah, The United Arab Emirates.

CNN Style speaks to Matthew Simmonds about the intricacies of carving powerful architectural languages into hard, solid rock.

CNN: Why did you choose stone as your primary material?

Simmonds: Stone is a very beautiful thing because for every human endeavor in history, and by that I mean the human efforts we as a species use to express who we are and what we believe in at any given time...stone is often the one material that remains.

Smaller pieces take Simmonds around two weeks to make

It is stone that is left behind for us to piece together history from. It's the way cultures leave a sign on the world.

And stone itself has a power as a natural material because we essentially have an imprint of history left in every rock. Rocks take billions of years to create, have history pressed within them, and you can see traces of the creatures that have happened upon it over time.

It's a beautiful material to carve into because the final product is partially by me, and partially made by nature itself.

CNN: What sort of stone make for the best carvings?

Simmonds: I feel that the best stones for carving are marble and limestone.

These stones allow you to get in all the fine details, but they're not too hard to carve deep into.

Simmonds studies architectural trends and turns them into "something of my own"

They allow for finer, delicate work. Materials like sandstone is not strong enough, while granite is too hard.

CNN: How long does each sculpture take to complete?

Simmonds: It can vary quite a bit. Smaller pieces can take around two weeks -- assuming they're not too large and complex -- while the larger and more complex pieces can take several months.

Right now, for example, I've just started work on a fireplace built of multiple different cut stones. The last time I worked on a similar fireplace, it took a year to complete.

A fireplace made by Matthew Simmonds

It is built of 45 different panels, and each different panel shows different subject matters. I try to explore different cultures and time periods from every continent in the world. I'm just about to start it now and I expect this to take a year as well.

CNN: Which sculpture is a standout from your collection?

Simmonds: I was commissioned by Swire Properties in Hong Kong to create three sculptures which incorporated feng shui, called "The Trilogy."

"The Trilogy" by Matthew Simmonds

Due to the complexities of creating an internal space that aligned with the regulations of feng shui -- which focuses on how a space can influence good luck and energy -- I found it very challenging, which I enjoyed.

I chose to make three pieces to ensure there was a continuous flow of energy throughout the whole project. The middle block has many windows, which allowed energy to flow freely, and in Chinese culture, the number eight is a very auspicious number, and so I tried to include the number eight wherever possible.

"The Trilogy" by Matthew Simmonds

Throughout the sculptures you'll see patterns -- eight columns, eight steps on each piece, eight openings in each piece.

CNN: In your opinion, what are the most beautiful stone buildings in the world?

There's far too many to choose from.

Internal view of the Hagia Sofia in Istanbul, Turkey.

I like medieval buildings, and one of the greatest churches in the world is the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul, which is made of brick on the outside but is filled with stone fixtures on the inside.

Another beautiful site is the Ellora temples in India -- ancient structures and caves completely cut from stone.

Petra in Jordan is also home to some of the most incredible rock-cut architecture, and then there is, of course, the Pantheon in Rome.

Tell us about your exhibit at the Islamic Art Festival in Sharjah National Art Museum.

There are three works on show here. The first is "Sinan," which is inspired by the architecture of iconic Turkish architect Mimar Sinan, and is carved into marble.

"Sinan" by Matthew Simmonds

The other two are newer pieces from 2016, "Muqarnas Study" and "Cube," which simply pay tribute to the more abstract philosophies of Islam.

Matthew Simmonds' work is currently on display at the Sharjah Islamic Arts Festival until January 24, 2016.

This interview was edited for length and clarity.
====End Article====

====Article #49====
