
====Article #0====
*TITLE: With Coveted Brady/Belichick Endorsement, Trump Has Clear Path to President of AFC East
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/11/07/with_coveted_brady_belichick_endorsement_trump_has_clear_path_to_president.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: With the AFC East leaning Trump just hours before polls open, the Republican nominee’s path to becoming president of American football players and disgruntled coaches appears to be playing out exactly as the campaigned planned.
====End Article====

====Article #1====
*TITLE: The Super Bowl Halftime Show Used To Be A Bizarre, Cultish Nightmare
*URL: http://www.businessinsider.com/worst-super-bowl-halftime-shows-2014-1
*AUTHORS: ['Rob Wile']
*ARTICLE: For the past decade or so, America has gotten used to having PG 13- (and R-) rated musical acts perform during the Super Bowl's Half Time show.

They're not always to everyone's musical tastes, and the shows can occasionally fall flat.

It was used to be worse.

So, so much worse.

The principal culprit was a group called Up With People. Formed in 1965 as part of the bygone global Moral Rearmament Movement, the traveling song-and-dance troupe was said by some to have a "creepy-weird cultish" and can best be described as what would have happened if a secular Ned Flanders' entire family had a picnic on the 50 yard line.

Despite barely qualifying as such, this was the halftime show entertainment four times between 1976 and 1986.

Here they are performing in 1976. It is unbelievable.

Six years later, they continued to haunt America's dreams.

The UWP reign of terror ended the year The Chicago Bears won the Super Bowl. There are no coincidences in life.

1985 featured the Air Force's "Tops In Blue" and a guy flying in a jet pack. Yes, those are U.S. Air Force enlistees riding a unicycle and jumping on a trampoline.

Disney has been the other major Halftime Show producer, having put on six. Here's their 1987 performance.

Finally things started getting a bit more mainstream — but no less awful. Here's an aging, be-jhericurled Chubby Checker lipsynching to "Let's Twist Again" while members of the USC and SDSU marching bands dance and play around him.

It took until 1993 — 26 years after the first Super Bowl was played, before things got awesome (shout out to Jennifer Batten):
====End Article====

====Article #2====
*TITLE: EXECUTIVE ORDER: PROTECTING THE NATION FROM FOREIGN TERRORIST ENTRY INTO THE UNITED STATES
*URL: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/27/executive-order-protecting-nation-foreign-terrorist-entry-united-states
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: EXECUTIVE ORDER

- - - - - - -

Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States

By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and laws of the United States of America, including the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), 8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq., and section 301 of title 3, United States Code, and to protect the American people from terrorist attacks by foreign nationals admitted to the United States, it is hereby ordered as follows:

Section 1. Purpose. The visa-issuance process plays a crucial role in detecting individuals with terrorist ties and stopping them from entering the United States. Perhaps in no instance was that more apparent than the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, when State Department policy prevented consular officers from properly scrutinizing the visa applications of several of the 19 foreign nationals who went on to murder nearly 3,000 Americans. And while the visa-issuance process was reviewed and amended after the September 11 attacks to better detect would-be terrorists from receiving visas, these measures did not stop attacks by foreign nationals who were admitted to the United States.

Numerous foreign-born individuals have been convicted or implicated in terrorism-related crimes since September 11, 2001, including foreign nationals who entered the United States after receiving visitor, student, or employment visas, or who entered through the United States refugee resettlement program. Deteriorating conditions in certain countries due to war, strife, disaster, and civil unrest increase the likelihood that terrorists will use any means possible to enter the United States. The United States must be vigilant during the visa-issuance process to ensure that those approved for admission do not intend to harm Americans and that they have no ties to terrorism.

In order to protect Americans, the United States must ensure that those admitted to this country do not bear hostile attitudes toward it and its founding principles. The United States cannot, and should not, admit those who do not support the Constitution, or those who would place violent ideologies over American law. In addition, the United States should not admit those who engage in acts of bigotry or hatred (including "honor" killings, other forms of violence against women, or the persecution of those who practice religions different from their own) or those who would oppress Americans of any race, gender, or sexual orientation.

Sec. 2. Policy. It is the policy of the United States to protect its citizens from foreign nationals who intend to commit terrorist attacks in the United States; and to prevent the admission of foreign nationals who intend to exploit United States immigration laws for malevolent purposes.

Sec. 3. Suspension of Issuance of Visas and Other Immigration Benefits to Nationals of Countries of Particular Concern. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall immediately conduct a review to determine the information needed from any country to adjudicate any visa, admission, or other benefit under the INA (adjudications) in order to determine that the individual seeking the benefit is who the individual claims to be and is not a security or public-safety threat.

(b) The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the President a report on the results of the review described in subsection (a) of this section, including the Secretary of Homeland Security's determination of the information needed for adjudications and a list of countries that do not provide adequate information, within 30 days of the date of this order. The Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide a copy of the report to the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence.

(c) To temporarily reduce investigative burdens on relevant agencies during the review period described in subsection (a) of this section, to ensure the proper review and maximum utilization of available resources for the screening of foreign nationals, and to ensure that adequate standards are established to prevent infiltration by foreign terrorists or criminals, pursuant to section 212(f) of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1182(f), I hereby proclaim that the immigrant and nonimmigrant entry into the United States of aliens from countries referred to in section 217(a)(12) of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1187(a)(12), would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, and I hereby suspend entry into the United States, as immigrants and nonimmigrants, of such persons for 90 days from the date of this order (excluding those foreign nationals traveling on diplomatic visas, North Atlantic Treaty Organization visas, C-2 visas for travel to the United Nations, and G-1, G-2, G-3, and G-4 visas).

(d) Immediately upon receipt of the report described in subsection (b) of this section regarding the information needed for adjudications, the Secretary of State shall request all foreign governments that do not supply such information to start providing such information regarding their nationals within 60 days of notification.

(e) After the 60-day period described in subsection (d) of this section expires, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the President a list of countries recommended for inclusion on a Presidential proclamation that would prohibit the entry of foreign nationals (excluding those foreign nationals traveling on diplomatic visas, North Atlantic Treaty Organization visas, C-2 visas for travel to the United Nations, and G-1, G-2, G-3, and G-4 visas) from countries that do not provide the information requested pursuant to subsection (d) of this section until compliance occurs.

(f) At any point after submitting the list described in subsection (e) of this section, the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security may submit to the President the names of any additional countries recommended for similar treatment.

(g) Notwithstanding a suspension pursuant to subsection (c) of this section or pursuant to a Presidential proclamation described in subsection (e) of this section, the Secretaries of State and Homeland Security may, on a case-by-case basis, and when in the national interest, issue visas or other immigration benefits to nationals of countries for which visas and benefits are otherwise blocked.

(h) The Secretaries of State and Homeland Security shall submit to the President a joint report on the progress in implementing this order within 30 days of the date of this order, a second report within 60 days of the date of this order, a third report within 90 days of the date of this order, and a fourth report within 120 days of the date of this order.

Sec. 4. Implementing Uniform Screening Standards for All Immigration Programs. (a) The Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall implement a program, as part of the adjudication process for immigration benefits, to identify individuals seeking to enter the United States on a fraudulent basis with the intent to cause harm, or who are at risk of causing harm subsequent to their admission. This program will include the development of a uniform screening standard and procedure, such as in-person interviews; a database of identity documents proffered by applicants to ensure that duplicate documents are not used by multiple applicants; amended application forms that include questions aimed at identifying fraudulent answers and malicious intent; a mechanism to ensure that the applicant is who the applicant claims to be; a process to evaluate the applicant's likelihood of becoming a positively contributing member of society and the applicant's ability to make contributions to the national interest; and a mechanism to assess whether or not the applicant has the intent to commit criminal or terrorist acts after entering the United States.

(b) The Secretary of Homeland Security, in conjunction with the Secretary of State, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall submit to the President an initial report on the progress of this directive within 60 days of the date of this order, a second report within 100 days of the date of this order, and a third report within 200 days of the date of this order.

Sec. 5. Realignment of the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program for Fiscal Year 2017. (a) The Secretary of State shall suspend the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program (USRAP) for 120 days. During the 120-day period, the Secretary of State, in conjunction with the Secretary of Homeland Security and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall review the USRAP application and adjudication process to determine what additional procedures should be taken to ensure that those approved for refugee admission do not pose a threat to the security and welfare of the United States, and shall implement such additional procedures. Refugee applicants who are already in the USRAP process may be admitted upon the initiation and completion of these revised procedures. Upon the date that is 120 days after the date of this order, the Secretary of State shall resume USRAP admissions only for nationals of countries for which the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Director of National Intelligence have jointly determined that such additional procedures are adequate to ensure the security and welfare of the United States.

(b) Upon the resumption of USRAP admissions, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is further directed to make changes, to the extent permitted by law, to prioritize refugee claims made by individuals on the basis of religious-based persecution, provided that the religion of the individual is a minority religion in the individual's country of nationality. Where necessary and appropriate, the Secretaries of State and Homeland Security shall recommend legislation to the President that would assist with such prioritization.

(c) Pursuant to section 212(f) of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1182(f), I hereby proclaim that the entry of nationals of Syria as refugees is detrimental to the interests of the United States and thus suspend any such entry until such time as I have determined that sufficient changes have been made to the USRAP to ensure that admission of Syrian refugees is consistent with the national interest.

(d) Pursuant to section 212(f) of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1182(f), I hereby proclaim that the entry of more than 50,000 refugees in fiscal year 2017 would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, and thus suspend any such entry until such time as I determine that additional admissions would be in the national interest.

(e) Notwithstanding the temporary suspension imposed pursuant to subsection (a) of this section, the Secretaries of State and Homeland Security may jointly determine to admit individuals to the United States as refugees on a case-by-case basis, in their discretion, but only so long as they determine that the admission of such individuals as refugees is in the national interest -- including when the person is a religious minority in his country of nationality facing religious persecution, when admitting the person would enable the United States to conform its conduct to a preexisting international agreement, or when the person is already in transit and denying admission would cause undue hardship -- and it would not pose a risk to the security or welfare of the United States.

(f) The Secretary of State shall submit to the President an initial report on the progress of the directive in subsection (b) of this section regarding prioritization of claims made by individuals on the basis of religious-based persecution within 100 days of the date of this order and shall submit a second report within 200 days of the date of this order.

(g) It is the policy of the executive branch that, to the extent permitted by law and as practicable, State and local jurisdictions be granted a role in the process of determining the placement or settlement in their jurisdictions of aliens eligible to be admitted to the United States as refugees. To that end, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall examine existing law to determine the extent to which, consistent with applicable law, State and local jurisdictions may have greater involvement in the process of determining the placement or resettlement of refugees in their jurisdictions, and shall devise a proposal to lawfully promote such involvement.

Sec. 6. Rescission of Exercise of Authority Relating to the Terrorism Grounds of Inadmissibility. The Secretaries of State and Homeland Security shall, in consultation with the Attorney General, consider rescinding the exercises of authority in section 212 of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1182, relating to the terrorism grounds of inadmissibility, as well as any related implementing memoranda.

Sec. 7. Expedited Completion of the Biometric Entry-Exit Tracking System. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall expedite the completion and implementation of a biometric entry-exit tracking system for all travelers to the United States, as recommended by the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States.

(b) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the President periodic reports on the progress of the directive contained in subsection (a) of this section. The initial report shall be submitted within 100 days of the date of this order, a second report shall be submitted within 200 days of the date of this order, and a third report shall be submitted within 365 days of the date of this order. Further, the Secretary shall submit a report every 180 days thereafter until the system is fully deployed and operational.

Sec. 8. Visa Interview Security. (a) The Secretary of State shall immediately suspend the Visa Interview Waiver Program and ensure compliance with section 222 of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1222, which requires that all individuals seeking a nonimmigrant visa undergo an in-person interview, subject to specific statutory exceptions.

(b) To the extent permitted by law and subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of State shall immediately expand the Consular Fellows Program, including by substantially increasing the number of Fellows, lengthening or making permanent the period of service, and making language training at the Foreign Service Institute available to Fellows for assignment to posts outside of their area of core linguistic ability, to ensure that non-immigrant visa-interview wait times are not unduly affected.

Sec. 9. Visa Validity Reciprocity. The Secretary of State shall review all nonimmigrant visa reciprocity agreements to ensure that they are, with respect to each visa classification, truly reciprocal insofar as practicable with respect to validity period and fees, as required by sections 221(c) and 281 of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1201(c) and 1351, and other treatment. If a country does not treat United States nationals seeking nonimmigrant visas in a reciprocal manner, the Secretary of State shall adjust the visa validity period, fee schedule, or other treatment to match the treatment of United States nationals by the foreign country, to the extent practicable.

Sec. 10. Transparency and Data Collection. (a) To be more transparent with the American people, and to more effectively implement policies and practices that serve the national interest, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall, consistent with applicable law and national security, collect and make publicly available within 180 days, and every 180 days thereafter:

(i) information regarding the number of foreign nationals in the United States who have been charged with terrorism-related offenses while in the United States; convicted of terrorism-related offenses while in the United States; or removed from the United States based on terrorism-related activity, affiliation, or material support to a terrorism-related organization, or any other national security reasons since the date of this order or the last reporting period, whichever is later;

(ii) information regarding the number of foreign nationals in the United States who have been radicalized after entry into the United States and engaged in terrorism-related acts, or who have provided material support to terrorism-related organizations in countries that pose a threat to the United States, since the date of this order or the last reporting period, whichever is later; and

(iii) information regarding the number and types of acts of gender-based violence against women, including honor killings, in the United States by foreign nationals, since the date of this order or the last reporting period, whichever is later; and

(iv) any other information relevant to public safety and security as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General, including information on the immigration status of foreign nationals charged with major offenses.

(b) The Secretary of State shall, within one year of the date of this order, provide a report on the estimated long-term costs of the USRAP at the Federal, State, and local levels.

Sec. 11. General Provisions. (a) Nothing in this order shall be construed to impair or otherwise affect:

(i) the authority granted by law to an executive department or agency, or the head thereof; or

(ii) the functions of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals.

(b) This order shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations.

(c) This order is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person.

DONALD J. TRUMP
====End Article====

====Article #3====
*TITLE: White House Press Secretary Lies and Yells at Media. It’s Day 2 of the Trump Presidency.
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2017/01/21/white_house_press_secretary_lies_and_yells_at_media.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Alex Wong/Getty Images

Donald Trump’s press secretary kept the media waiting for more than an hour today, and then when Sean Spicer finally deigned to appear for his first White House press briefing, he proceeded to hector reporters, tell demonstrable lies, and all but fire himself out of a cannon in the general direction of the press corps. On Day 2 of the Trump presidency, a screeching red-eyed man declared war on the media and reality itself.

The proximate causes of the tantrum were the media’s estimates of the size of the crowd at the inauguration and a journalist’s incorrect report about the removal of an Oval Office bust of Martin Luther King Jr. It turns out the bust had not been removed, after all, a mistake the reporter acknowledged and apologized for. But Spicer, calling it “irresponsible and reckless,” was trying to score some cheap points in order to take on the bigger target—the accurate reporting on the thin crowds at Friday's inauguration.

Advertisement



“Some members of the media were engaged in deliberately false reporting,” Spicer said as he was gradually swallowed by his suit. He added that photos “were intentionally framed in a way to minimize the enormous support that had gathered on the National Mall.”

But, anyone might say, the photographs are pretty clear, aren’t they? Kind of hard to argue with the side-by-side photos that compared the crowds from a previous inauguration.

The problem, Spicer assured the press in a jaw-dropping prodigy of illogic, is that it was the first time the National Park Service had laid out white panels to protect the grass and that “highlighted where people weren’t standing.” He made Baghdad Bob look like Edward R. Murrow.

In the end, “no one had numbers,” Spicer said, before adding that “this was the largest audience to ever witness the inauguration—period. Both in person and around the globe.”

Advertisement



It’s of course unclear how he could come to such a conclusion, but flat-out lying seems to be part of it. Spicer mentioned Metro ridership to illustrate how huge the inauguration was, when the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority actually tweeted out preliminary numbers indicating that there were fewer riders during this year’s celebration than during the 2009 and 2013 inaugurations. The Washington Post reported that 570,557 people used the city’s metro system on Friday, which was lower than both the 2009 and 2013 inaugurations.

Spicer went on to put the press on notice: “There’s been a lot of talk in the media about the responsibility to hold Donald Trump accountable. And I’m here to tell you it goes two ways. We’re going to hold the press accountable as well.”

Then the new press secretary made a point that should have every White House reporter wondering whether he or she shouldn’t start boycotting these types of briefings during the Trump administration: “As long as he serves as the messenger for this incredible movement he will take his message directly to the American people.”

CNN seemed to suspect something was amiss and made the decision not to air the press briefing live. “The decision was to monitor the statement & then report on it,” CNN’s Brian Stelter wrote on Twitter.

FYI, CNN made a conscious choice not to show the @PressSec statement live. The decision was to monitor the statement & then report on it. — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) January 21, 2017

White House veterans were evidently shocked by what they heard. “I’ve never seen anything like this where it was so intense, so harsh and passionate right off the beginning,” said CBS’s Major Garrett. Other observers noted how strange the whole thing was. “It is embarrassing, as an American, to watch this briefing by Sean Spicer from the podium at the White House,” conservative commentator William Kristol, who has long been opposed to Trump, wrote on Twitter.

It is embarrassing, as an American, to watch this briefing by Sean Spicer from the podium at the White House. Not the RNC. The White House. — Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) January 21, 2017
====End Article====

====Article #4====
*TITLE: Male Corporate Board Members Aren’t Stoked About Adding Women to Their Ranks
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/xx_factor/2016/10/12/male_corporate_board_members_aren_t_stoked_about_adding_women_to_their_ranks.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Much has been made over gender diversity on corporate boards in recent years. Study after study after study has shown that companies perform better when they have women on their boards of directors; it’s fair to assume that even the most crotchety, least woke board member would admit that gender diversity is an admirable goal, in theory.

Christina Cauterucci Christina Cauterucci is a Slate staff writer.



Or is it? According to a new survey of 884 directors of public companies, 10 percent of current board members think the ideal number of women on a corporate board is somewhere between 20 percent of the board and zero. Zero! One in 10 directors mulled over the prospect of sharing a conference table with women and thought, “I could tolerate zero women, or maybe a very tiny proportion of women, but that is absolutely it.”

Advertisement



The head of PwC’s Governance Insights Center, which conducted the survey, told Fortune that the not-unpopular desire for a board with as few women as possible is largely attributable to the old-school men who populate most corporate boards and, thus, the survey base. The average age of a board member of a major U.S. company is 63 and rising, and 83 percent of PwC’s survey participants are men.

Just as disconcerting as the 10 percent in the “few to no women, please” club is the 43 percent of participants who said the “optimal” share of women on a corporate board is 21 to 40 percent. (Women currently occupy 20 percent of S&P 500 companies’ board seats.) This means that more than half of all board members think women deserve significantly fewer than half the seats on corporate boards. Since women make up more than half of the world’s population, this suggests that more than half of current board members think women are inherently less capable of serving in corporate leadership positions. Another 43 percent said women should occupy 41 to 50 percent of board seats; only 5 percent thought the “optimal” proportion of women was greater than 50 percent.

Other survey responses indicate that board members are confused about what diversity means, why it’s important, and what it takes to get there. Nearly all directors—96 percent—agreed that board diversity is “important,” but only 26 percent very much believe that there are a significant number of qualified “diverse” candidates in the world. As Matt Yglesias noted in Slate in 2013, there’s no unequivocal measure for board qualification, and white men usually get those gigs because they know other white men who recommend them to still other white men, perpetuating a network of privilege almost completely divorced from the concept of meritocracy.
====End Article====

====Article #5====
*TITLE: U.S. military probing more possible civilian deaths in Yemen raid
*URL: http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-commando-idUSKBN15G5RX
*AUTHORS: ['Ayesha Rascoe']
*ARTICLE: DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, Del. The U.S. military said on Wednesday it was looking into whether more civilians were killed in a raid on al Qaeda in Yemen on the weekend, in the first operation authorized by President Donald Trump as commander in chief.

U.S. Navy SEAL William “Ryan” Owens was killed in the raid on a branch of al Qaeda, also known as AQAP, in al Bayda province, which the Pentagon said also killed 14 militants. However, medics at the scene said about 30 people, including 10 women and children, were killed.

U.S. Central Command said in a statement that an investigating team had "concluded regrettably that civilian non-combatants were likely killed" during Sunday's raid. It said children may have been among the casualties.

Central Command said its assessment "seeks to determine if there were any still-undetected civilian casualties in the ferocious firefight."

DON'T MISS

Trump tightens Iran sanctions, Tehran hits back

Business Watch - Panic in Silicon Valley

Reuters TV - Inside a Mexican migrant shelter

U.S. military officials told Reuters that Trump approved his first covert counterterrorism operation without sufficient intelligence, ground support or adequate backup preparations.

As a result, three officials said, the attacking SEAL team found itself dropping onto a reinforced al Qaeda base defended by landmines, snipers, and a larger than expected contingent of heavily armed Islamist extremists.

The Pentagon directed queries about the officials' characterization of the raid to U.S. Central Command, which pointed only to its statement on Wednesday.

"CENTCOM asks for operations we believe have a good chance for success and when we ask for authorization we certainly believe there is a chance of successful operations based on our planning," CENTCOM spokesman Colonel John Thomas said.

"Any operation where you are going to put operators on the ground has inherent risks," he said.

The U.S. officials said the extremists’ base had been identified as a target before the Obama administration left office on Jan. 20, but then-President Barack Obama held off approving a raid ahead of his departure.

A White House official said the operation was thoroughly vetted by the previous administration and that the previous defense secretary had signed off on it in January. The raid was delayed for operational reasons, the White House official said.

The military officials who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity said "a brutal firefight" killed Owens and at least 15 Yemeni women and children. One of the dead was the 8-year-old daughter of Anwar al-Awlaki, a militant killed by a 2011 U.S. drone strike.

Some of the women were firing at the U.S. force, Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis told reporters.

INTELLIGENCE GATHERED

The American elite forces did not seize any militants or take any prisoners offsite, but White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Wednesday the raid yielded benefits.

"Knowing that we killed an estimated 14 AQAP members and that we gathered an unbelievable amount of intelligence that will prevent the potential deaths or attacks on American soil – is something that I think most service members understand, that that’s why they joined the service,” Spicer said.

A senior leader in Yemen's al Qaeda branch, Abdulraoof al-Dhahab, and other militants were killed in the gunbattle, al Qaeda said.

One of the three U.S. officials said on-the-ground surveillance of the compound was “minimal, at best.”

“The decision was made ... to leave it to the incoming administration, partly in the hope that more and better intelligence could be collected,” that official said.

As Sunday's firefight intensified, the raiders called in Marine helicopter gunships and Harrier jump jets, and then two MV-22 Osprey vertical takeoff and landing aircraft to extract the SEALs.

One of the two suffered engine failure, two of the officials said, and hit the ground so hard that two crew members were injured, and one of the Marine jets had to launch a precision-guided bomb to destroy it.

Trump traveled to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware on Wednesday in an unexpected visit to meet the family of Owens, who had been a chief special warfare operator.

(Additional reporting by Roberta Rampton; Editing by Alistair Bell, Peter Cooney and Paul Tait)
====End Article====

====Article #6====
*TITLE: Judge Disqualifies Gotti's Lawyer From Representing Him at Trial
*URL: http://www.nytimes.com/1991/07/27/nyregion/judge-disqualifies-gotti-s-lawyer-from-representing-him-at-trial.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Bruce Cutler, the flamboyant, forceful lawyer who won three dramatic court victories for John Gotti, was disqualified yesterday from representing the reputed Mafia leader in his next trial.

In a stunning ruling, a Federal judge barred Mr. Cutler and two other well-known lawyers from appearing for the defense in Mr. Gotti's racketeering trial scheduled for Sept. 23 in Federal District Court in Brooklyn.

It was a tactical triumph for prosecutors, who have been frustrated by the failure to convict Mr. Gotti, described by authorities as head of the Gambino crime family and the nation's most powerful organized-crime leader. Possibility of Being a Witness

The judge's ruling involved an unusual issue. The prosecution had sought the disqualifications because the lawyers appeared on secretly taped conversations that could be evidence about the Gambino operation and require them to testify in the trial.

Defense lawyers said the conversations should be protected by the lawyer-client privilege. But prosecutors contended that the discussions, taped at Mr. Gotti's Manhattan headquarters at the Ravenite Social Club in Little Italy, went beyond the normal communication between lawyers and clients and that Mr. Gotti's lawyers had acted as "house counsel" for the crime group.

The prosecutors noted that Mr. Gotti referred to the lawyers on the tapes as "high-priced errand boys" and spoke of the need to have lawyers who would protect the larger interests of the Gambino family.

Last week, in rejecting the defense's motion to suppress the tapes, Judge I. Leo Glasser said, "Not every communication between an attorney and his client is privileged." Details of the conversations are not known because the tapes are sealed.

The ruling created an air of uncertainty over the trial, which could be delayed to provide time for new lawyers to take over the case.

With Mr. Cutler at his side, Mr. Gotti has beaten back three major efforts by prosecutors to convict him. He was acquitted in 1986 of assault charges in Queens. In 1987, he was found not guilty of Federal racketeering charges in Brooklyn. Last year, Mr. Gotti was acquitted of assault charges in the shooting of a union official.

At a news conference in his office yesterday, Mr. Cutler said: "The Federal Government doesn't want a fair fight. They can't win a jury trial. So the only thing they can do is break up this team." No decision has been made on who will succeed Mr. Cutler in court, he said. Although the judge's ruling bars him from appearing in front of the jury, he added, he will work for the defense behind the scenes.

But the United States Attorney heading the prosecution, Andrew J. Maloney, said it would not be clear whether Mr. Cutler could work in the background until the judge had issued a more detailed decision.

In his one-page ruling, Judge Glasser said he was granting the Government motion and would issue a full decision later. The disqualification is a pretrial ruling that cannot be appealed. But if the defendants are convicted, it might be a ground for appealing the conviction.

Mr. Maloney said he wanted the disqualifications because lawyers who were part of the evidence could not represent the defendants in front of a jury. He said they were potential witnesses who could be called by either side to explain the taped conversations.

Besides Mr. Cutler, the ruling disqualified Gerald L. Shargel, who represented a co-defendant of Mr. Gotti, and John L. Pollok, who assisted the defense of another defendant.

Mr. Shargel said yesterday, "When I represent a client, I fight with all my heart, and if this is the consequence, I have to live with it."

In a court hearing this year, a chief assistant to Mr. Maloney, John Gleeson, contended that Mr. Cutler and Mr. Shargel were "house counsel" for the Gambino organization. He quoted Mr. Gotti as saying on a tape: "Where does it end, the Gambino crime family? This is the Shargel-Cutler-and-who-do-you-call-it crime family."

Prof. Stephen Gillers of the New York University Law School said yesterday of the ruling: "It's not common for a judge to disqualify a lawyer under the advocate-witness rule. That says a lawyer shall not wear both the hat of an advocate and the hat of a witness."

Law-enforcement authorities contend that Mr. Gotti became the Gambino boss by ordering the murder of his reputed predecessor, Paul Castellano, in 1985.

Indicted with Mr. Gotti were Salvatore Gravano, Frank Locascio and Thomas Gambino, all identified as Gambino leaders. Mr. Shargel represented Mr. Gravano, and Mr. Pollok worked with Michael Rosen, the lawyer for Mr. Gambino.

Photo: Bruce Cutler after being disqualified from John Gotti's fourth trial. (Bill Swersey for The New York Times)
====End Article====

====Article #7====
*TITLE: Protests in Bangladesh Shake a Global Workshop for Apparel
*URL: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/22/business/bangladesh-protest-apparel-clothing.html?_r=1
*AUTHORS: ['Rachel Abrams', 'Maher Sattar']
*ARTICLE: The prime minister’s office did not respond to repeated requests for comment.

Bangladesh exports billions of dollars’ worth of clothes each year, making it the world’s second-largest exporter of ready-made garments after China. But its factories are efficient for some of the same reasons that they have been deadly: overcrowded buildings, limited oversight and a government that has historically repressed workers’ efforts to organize and fight for better conditions.

In the wake of the Rana Plaza collapse, retailers formed two coalitions dedicated to improving the lives of workers: the accord, led by H&M, and the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety, which includes Gap and Walmart.

Both groups have created safety standards and mechanisms to enforce them, although the accord, with a legally binding arbitration provision, is largely seen as the stronger of the two. The alliance has no such clause, but it can impose financial penalties and expel members that violate its terms.

Both groups point to progress, like the installation of fire doors and regular safety inspections. But as international attention has waned in the years since Rana Plaza, worker rights groups have expressed concern that the gains could be lost.

“Now the spotlight is off Bangladesh,” said Richard Appelbaum, a labor and worker rights expert at the University of California, Santa Barbara. “The government is responding more typically as it would have responded several years ago, if it could have.”

Photo

The police came for Mr. Alam at night, said his wife, Jhorna Begum. When he did not return after several days, Ms. Begum scraped together about $12 to pay a lawyer who helped track him down to a local jail. The couple saw each other briefly when Mr. Alam appeared in court, just long enough for them to shout at each other across a crowded room.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

With two children at home, Ms. Begum said she could not afford to fight his case. She recently returned to work as a machine operator for the Palmal Group, another garment maker.

“We live hand to mouth, waiting for the paycheck at the end of the month,” Ms. Begum said, tears in her eyes. “I don’t know when he’ll get out — how am I supposed to run my family without him?”

While Ms. Begum was willing to give her name to a reporter, many garment industry workers are afraid to speak out for fear of reprisals by the government. Labor rights workers suspect that agents of the government or factory owners ransacked a number of union offices after the protests. And the death of Aminul Islam, a labor activist who was found tortured and killed in 2012, is still fresh in many minds.

The complaints against the 14 people who have been arrested also include charges that could cover more than 1,000 possible suspects — a tool that can help the police arrest people in the future, according to labor lawyers. Some of the people who were arrested, for example, had been named in an unrelated political violence case that has been open since 2015.“When they find someone they want to put in jail, they enter that person’s name into the case,” said Jyotirmoy Barua, a lawyer based in Dhaka, who is representing protesters who have been charged with conspiring to harm the state. “The cases are creating unrest, fear.”This month, protesters gathered in Dhaka, chanting and holding up signs as a plainclothes officer took notes nearby.Abul Hossain, the president of the Dhaka chapter of the Workers’ Party of Bangladesh, said workers were frustrated by stagnant wages in a country whose cost of living had risen over the past few years. Wages have risen only twice in the past decade, even as inflation has risen as much as 10 percent a year, according to the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics.

Photo

Workers expected their pay to be reviewed last year by a government wage board that can meet every three years. When that did not happen, they started protesting.

Siddiqur Rahman, president of the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association, a trade association that represents factory owners, said factories, too, had come under pressure: Costs have risen 17.5 percent annually for the last two years, he said, even as global clothing prices have decreased.

Mr. Rahman added that while global retail brands had called on Bangladeshi factories to improve safety standards and wages, they had resisted paying higher prices to help compensate for the increased costs.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

He also said that fewer than 1,500 employees had been fired, and that some had returned to work.

Both Gap and H&M said that they supported a regular wage review mechanism to ensure stability in the future, and that they were monitoring the situation closely.

Labor advocates, though, say the global companies should be doing more, since billion-dollar brands like H&M have a lot of leverage with local factories and the government.

A spokesman for H&M, Patrick Shaner, said in an email that the company had no plans to change its sourcing arrangements.

Other companies that buy clothes from the factories that are currently pressing charges, including Abercrombie & Fitch, PVH and American Eagle Outfitters, did not respond to requests for comment.

“At a certain point in time you have to wonder just how much the brands and retailers will tolerate,” said Scott Nova, the executive director of the Worker Rights Consortium, a labor rights group based in Washington that is among the most active nonprofits working in Bangladesh’s garment industry. “They can tell the factories to drop these charges.”
====End Article====

====Article #8====
*TITLE: These Workers Got a Raise Thanks to the Obama Administration. Then Their Employers Took It Away.
*URL: http://www.slate.com/articles/business/the_bills/2017/01/these_americans_got_raises_thanks_to_obama_s_overtime_rules_and_then_saw.html
*AUTHORS: ['Helaine Olen']
*ARTICLE: Joe Raedle/Getty Images

When Kristin Hook, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Maryland, found out in early November that she would receive a raise of almost $4,000 the next month, she immediately increased her contributions to her retirement savings account. A week or two earlier, at Arizona State University’s Downtown Phoenix campus, social media coordinator Gordon Chaffin, who regularly puts in 45- to 50-hour weeks, learned from his employer that he would be eligible for overtime pay beginning Dec. 1.

Helaine Olen Helaine Olen is a columnist for Slate and co-author of The Index Card. She is the host of the Slate Academy series the United States of Debt.

Neither Hook’s raise or Chaffin’s overtime eligibility happened. Instead, they became two of the estimated 4.2 million workers left in personal-finance limbo when a federal district judge in Texas issued a last-minute stay to the Obama administration’s initiative to overhaul the rules for overtime pay, which had led many employers to announce forthcoming changes to their workers’ compensation. After the ruling, Hook’s and Chaffin’s workplaces announced they would hold off on any changes initiated to bring them into compliance with the now-stalled regulation—a regulation that the Trump administration may be reluctant to defend.

Advertisement



These workers were promised they would receive raises or overtime pay. And then, a presidential upset and a judicial ruling later, that promised money was taken away. “The university should not renege on something they said they were going to do,” Hook told me.

Employees at the University of Maryland and Arizona State University are hardly alone. According to a survey conducted by the Korn Ferry Hay Group in the immediate aftermath of the ruling, just 56 percent of retailers said they would still go ahead with plans to comply with the overtime rules. The rest said they would either wait to see how the situation developed or handle the matter on an employee-by-employee basis, depending on their positions. In other words: The Obama administration effectively gave millions of Americans a raise, and now a huge chunk of them probably won’t get it. This presidential transition period has given us no shortage of reasons to feel outrage, but surely this particular one deserves a bit more of it, right?

Get Slate in your inbox.

Some background: Under the Obama Labor Department’s initiative, the threshold under which salaried workers were supposed receive time-and-a-half pay for working more than 40 hours a week was to double from $23,660 to $47,476. Companies with workers who would be newly eligible for overtime pay under the regulation planned to comply in one of two ways: by either classifying those salaried employees as hourly ones and paying them overtime after 40 hours, or by giving them raises above $47,476 and continuing to allow them to work more than 40 hours without overtime. All of this, the Obama administration expected, was supposed to add an expected $12 billion to workers’ wallets over the next decade.

This presidential transition period has given us no shortage of reasons to feel outrage, but surely this particular one deserves a bit more of it, right?

But the 11th-hour court ruling created winners and losers among workers who would have benefited from the new regulations, seemingly with little rhyme or reason. Walmart, usually an antagonist of labor interests, had already given out raises and opted to keep them in place. Shake Shack boosted managers’ wages so it wouldn’t need to pay them overtime. So did VERTS Mediterranean Grill, another fast-casual chain. But Carrols Restaurant Group, which owns more than 700 Burger King franchises across the country, told me it deferred converting salaried managers into hourly workers even though Chief Executive Officer Daniel Accordino said on an August earnings call that “we are putting all of our salaried managers on an hourly basis.”

Advertisement



Eddie Rodriguez, the chief executive officer of the JAE Restaurant Group, which owns more than 175 Wendy’s franchises, is also holding off. In a phone interview, Rodriguez estimated that complying with the ramped-up overtime-pay requirements would have cost his company more than $900,000 a year. By delaying implementation to the last possible moment, only to see the rule stayed, “we benefited,” he told me.

When I asked Rodriguez how that decision impacted workplace morale, he said, “it wasn’t a topic of talk when you walked into the restaurants.” He thinks it’s possible that many workers who would have seen a pay boost thanks to the overtime rule change still aren’t aware of it. As he pointed out, “Most of our employees don’t know in the state of Florida the minimum wage is going up every year. They find out when they get a few more cents in their paycheck,” he said.

That’s right. As Rodriguez pointed out, many workers simply missed the news that the Obama administration had effectively given them raises. Terese Kerrigan, the senior marketing manager at FreightCenter, a shipping logistics company based in Palm Harbor, Florida, told me that “less than 50 percent” of the firm’s employees knew of the pay boost until the company told them about it. (FreightCenter is keeping the raises.) Even some business owners didn’t get the word. In a survey by Manta, an online community for small business owners, 42 percent of respondents hadn’t heard of the regulation—and this was in December, after the law was originally scheduled to take effect. If you’re wondering why there hasn’t been more of an uproar about the magical disappearing raises, a marketing shortfall is as good an explanation as any.

And even those who were aware of the change likely didn’t understand the impact. That was true of Chaffin, who knew he’d lost out on some money but didn’t realize he was due for $7,000 in overtime pay annually until he worked out his numbers at my prodding.

Tks 2 @helaineolen, just realized how much $ I lost when new overtime rules halted. A huge amount that could've paid for blood tests I need. — Gordon Chaffin (@FlashGordonASU) January 6, 2017

Advertisement



A kind of status anxiety could have muted some annoyance over lost raises, too. Just as financially struggling Americans may view themselves, as has been famously observed, as “temporarily embarrassed millionaires,” some workers would rather remain salaried employees, money be damned. “It’s a shift in mental thinking. We’re told our goal is to go out in the world and become salaried employees. They hear hourly they think ‘line cook,’ ” Kerrigan said of FreightCenter’s workers. “[Being converted into an hourly employee] was quite upsetting to some people.” Chaffin said the same was true at Arizona State, but with the added twist that many workers were actually afraid to bring up the subject of overtime pay with their bosses. “The idea that anyone in an administrative situation would need to punch in and punch out made people squeamish and uncertain,” he said. “That was a big talking point at the water cooler.”

And there’s the bad political timing of the policy. We don’t know why the Obama administration couldn’t get the extra money into Americans’ pockets before the election. The court’s action, which took place after the presidential vote, potentially denied Democrats a popular issue. After all, people like getting raises and are never happy to see them taken away. A poll conducted in late summer 2016 by the National Employment Law Project Action Fund found 81 percent of voters in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania and 80 percent of those in Ohio either strongly or somewhat favored the revamped overtime rules once told about them.

Slate Academy: The United States of Debt How did debt get so bad in the United States? Join personal finance columnist Helaine Olen as she takes in-depth look at the reality of debt in America. What’s it like to empty out your 401(k) to help a family member? What works—and what doesn’t—for people struggling to get out of debt? Find out. Join us today.

It might have been instructive to, say, get Trump to address the issue on a debate stage with Hillary Clinton. Many Republican politicians opposed the overtime overhaul, claiming the enhanced protections would cause employers to jettison workers, ultimately harming employment and incomes. One of Trump’s few utterances on it occurred in August, when a reporter with news app Circa brought up the policy. He responded by saying he, “would love to see a delay or carve-out of sorts for our small business owners.”

How Trump will handle this change going forward is unknown. Washington custom dictates a new president’s administration should defend rules promulgated by his predecessor. But Trump’s pick for secretary of labor, Andrew Puzder, the chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants, is a known opponent of the overtime regulations. There’s enough concern that a Trump White House will either cease defending the rule in court or fight for it so half-heartedly that the Texas AFL–CIO has petitioned to be allowed to intervene in the legal case, so that the executive branch isn’t the only one defending the regulation. (One bit of good news: The measure is not subject, as supporters initially feared it would be, to the Congressional Review Act. That’s the law that allows Congress to vote to repeal any regulation approved by the previous administration 60 legislative days before the end of the previous congressional session. The last congressional session ended in mid-June, past the point where the overtime upgrade could be rolled back.)
====End Article====

====Article #9====
*TITLE: Lady Gaga Just Taught Beyoncé How to Really Bring America Together with Epic Halftime Show
*URL: http://ijr.com/2017/02/795009-lady-gaga-just-taught-beyonce-how-to-really-bring-america-together-with-epic-halftime-show/?utm_source=facebook&amp;amp;utm_medium=owned&amp;amp;utm_campaign=ods&amp;amp;utm_term=ijamerica
*AUTHORS: ['Ijr Staff']
*ARTICLE: When people found out Lady Gaga would be performing the Pepsi halftime show at Super Bowl LI, there was some trepidation.

After all, this was the woman who protested outside Trump Tower, tears streaming down her face, after the presidential election.

Maybe she'd take this opportunity to make a grand political statement.

Instead, this happened...

Gaga opened up with a heartfelt rendition of “God Bless America”:

Red and blue stars lit up above her:

Then she descended from the heavens like a magic silver alien:

Credit: Larry Busacca / Staff / Getty Images

It was a pretty cool intro.

Last year, if you remember, Beyoncé opened with “Formation.”

Ezra Shaw / Getty Images

Her dancers were dressed like Black Panthers:

Harry How / Getty Images

Gaga's dancers looked kinda different:

Larry Busacca / Getty Images

It was a diverse group—race, gender, you name it:

Larry Busacca / Getty Images

Bey's dancers kept it more uniform:

"You might be the next Black Bill Gates in the Makin" A photo posted by Tina Knowles (@mstinalawson) on Feb 7, 2016 at 6:19pm PST

Overall, the intentions of the two performances were just plain different, and so were the times.

Beyoncé was overtly supporting the Black Lives Matter movement:

Gaga said she and her crew were just “here to make you feel good.”

Christopher Polk / Getty Images

And overall, it seems like she was successful.

Like, people are really pleased:

thank you Gaga for not making that political.



signed,

America — Bobby Bones (@mrBobbyBones) February 6, 2017

She brought together both sides of the aisle:

Incredible performance from my friend @LadyGaga. You amaze me — and not just onstage. Proud to work with you to end sexual assault. #ItsOnUs pic.twitter.com/ZOva2lpAOZ — Joe Biden (@JoeBiden) February 6, 2017

Thank you for non-politics half-time, Super Bowl. — Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) February 6, 2017

Impressed with and appreciative of @ladygaga 's #HalfTimeShow performance. Opened with patriotism and sang live. 🤘🏼 — Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) February 6, 2017

On the other hand, Beyoncé's performance sparked mixed reactions. And that's fine, because that's what she intended.

Bey's performance, of course, came at a time when stories of police brutality against people of color were exploding across the media.

The Black Lives Matter movement was gaining traction, but it still seemed alien to a lot of Americans, and Beyoncé's performance put the issue front and center.

But the national conversation has shifted since then, and things are tenser than ever.

So Gaga kept it light (albeit with some subtle political moments), and gave America something to smile about.

She capped it off with a mic drop:

Lady Gaga ends her #SuperBowl performance with a *mic drop* pic.twitter.com/ft15G1OLpa — Mashable (@mashable) February 6, 2017

And there you have it.

[Editor's note: This post has been updated after publication.]
====End Article====

====Article #10====
*TITLE: Iran Defies New Trump Sanctions, Conducts New Missile Test
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2017/02/04/iran_defies_new_trump_sanctions_conducts_new_missile_test.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: The Trump administration ratcheted up the pressure on Iran this week, issuing new sanctions in response to an Iranian missile test and putting the country “on notice.” Sanctioning Iran, even after the completion of the 2015 nuclear deal, has not been an unusual occurrence even under the Obama administration, but the tone and tact of the Trump administration over the past week have been a departure. On Saturday, Iran responded by carrying out additional missile tests as part of an annual military exercise.

Trump administration officials have said the new sanctions will not impact Boeing’s $16 billion deal with Tehran to manufacture 80 planes over the next 10 years. For its part, Tehran said it would respond to the sanctions by issuing sanctions of its own, the Foreign Ministry said in a statement, “against a number of American individuals and companies that have played a role in generating and supporting extremist terrorist groups in the region or have helped in the killing and suppression of defenseless people in the region.”
====End Article====

====Article #11====
*TITLE: It’s OK if Melania Isn’t a Traditional First Lady. But Taxpayers Shouldn’t Pay for Her Choices.
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/xx_factor/2017/02/03/it_s_ok_if_melania_isn_t_a_traditional_first_lady_but_taxpayers_shouldn.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images

In the seemingly endless first two weeks of the Trump presidency, Melania Trump made clear what many already suspected from her appearance on the campaign trail: She has no interest in being first lady. Melania has yet to appoint a social secretary, press secretary, floral designer, or White House chef, all roles that traditionally fall under the umbrella of the first lady’s office. She finally hired a chief of staff on Wednesday, and her press release about the appointment sounded kind of defensive. “I am putting together a professional and highly-experienced team which will take time to do properly,” she said in a statement.

As a result of Melania’s failure to appoint anyone to run the White House visitors office, tours of the White House have been suspended. Melania also hasn’t announced her platform—although she has stated an interest in addressing online bullying—or her social schedule. The coup de grâce? She’s not even living in the White House. The Trump administration says she will move from New York to Washington at the end of son Barron’s current school year, but rumors swirled this week that she might stay in New York indefinitely.

Advertisement



In one sense, Melania’s refusal to hew to tradition is refreshing. It is undeniably retrograde that it is considered the president’s wife’s job to oversee the traditionally feminine realms of tours, meals, and flowers. And there’s something admirable in Melania’s apparent intention to keep her life the same as it was pre-presidency. (After all, she’s not the one who ran for president.) But can you imagine what the outcry on the right would have been if Michelle Obama had stayed in Chicago after her husband’s inauguration, dragged her feet in staffing her office, and forced the White House to close its doors to the public? It would have been a front-page scandal. In a post-Trump era, no Republican is ever allowed to criticize a Democratic first lady for being insufficiently respectful of the dignity of the office.
====End Article====

====Article #12====
*TITLE: Crackdown on Bangladeshi Garment Workers Following Wildcat Strikes
*URL: http://www.theinvestigativefund.org/blog/2320/crackdown_on_bangladeshi_garment_workers_following_wildcat_strikes/
*AUTHORS: ['Seth Freed Wessler', 'Lisa Armstrong', 'Sonia Faleiro']
*ARTICLE: Crackdown on Bangladeshi Garment Workers Following Wildcat Strikes

At least 24 garment workers and labor leaders in Bangladesh remain in police custody without bail today, more than a month after being arrested during a spontaneous wave of walkouts by thousands of workers at factories in the industrial hub of Ashulia. The protests began at a factory called Windy Apparels, which makes clothes for Swedish clothing giant H&M and British retailer Tesco. I visited Ashulia in late October for the Investigative Fund and Slate, and wrote about the death of a 23-year-old seamstress at Windy Apparels, Taslima Akter, who collapsed on the factory floor after being denied sick leave for weeks. Less than two months later, the factory where she worked has become the epicenter of the country’s largest wage protests in years.

On December 11, about two dozen workers at Windy walked off the job, after factory management refused to address concerns they had been raising since Taslima’s death. Their primary demand was for an increase in the monthly minimum wage of $67 to roughly $200 — a figure closer to a living wage in a country where the minimum wage has failed to keep pace with rapidly rising inflation. Labor advocates told me that their demands also included a stop to the arbitrary abuse and firing of workers, six months of paid maternity leave, and, to prevent a recurrence of a death like Taslima’s, allowing workers who fall ill to take the paid sick leave they are guaranteed by law. As the first small group of workers walked out of the factory, many of their co-workers joined them, and as word spread in the days that followed, workers from as many as 40 other factories took to the streets in a series of wildcat strikes.

The retaliation was swift and severe, led by factory owners who are members of the powerful trade association, the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association (BGMEA) and the Ashulia police. Within ten days, the strike was over, 85 factories were shuttered — most of which had not been involved in the strike — and, according to a consortium of human rights groups, at least 1,500 workers were fired or forced to resign. Most of them are now having trouble finding work in Ashulia, according to labor activist Kalpona Akter of the Bangladesh Center for Worker Solidarity, and believe that they have been blacklisted. Owners of eight factories, including Windy Apparels, filed criminal complaints against labor leaders with the Ashulia police, accusing them of vandalism, looting, and assault — despite scant evidence of any violence during the protests. One television journalist, Nazmul Huda, was arrested for his coverage of the strike, charged with inciting the unrest and spreading false information.

International labor rights organizations have condemned the arrests as part of the government’s strategy of using arbitrary detention to halt labor organizing, describing the ongoing crackdown as a “clear step backwards” for the garment industry. Many of those detained are being held under the draconian Special Powers Act of 1974 that allows for detention without charges for up to six months. Three of the detained labor leaders are being held under cases filed in 2015 for unrelated incidents of political violence that occurred two years ago. While the new cases only list 14 people by name, the charges could cover several hundred more, according to the consortium of human rights groups, leaving open the risk of more arrests in the future. A labor lawyer told the New York Times that “when they find someone they want to put in jail, they enter that person’s name into the case.”

The factories reopened in late December, but a “really intense” security presence is everywhere, Jennifer Kuhlman from the Dhaka office of the Solidarity Center, an international affiliate of the AFL-CIO, told me: not just in Ashulia, but also in other industrial areas across the country. She said the arrests, the mass firings, and the continuing heavy surveillance by police have created a climate of fear among workers and labor organizers. Akter, from the Bangladesh Center for Worker Solidarity, told me by phone that the group’s Ashulia office was shut down last month and that one of her organizers, Mohamed Ibrahim, who is among those arrested, reported having been blindfolded and subjected to death threats while in police custody. She herself had to go into hiding for two weeks, she said, fearing that she too might be arrested. She said the crackdown has had a chilling effect on organizing and it’s become even harder than it was before to address workers’ concerns. The only intervention that could make a difference now, she told me, is for brands to step in and demand that their suppliers drop all charges and reinstate the fired workers.

The eight factories that filed criminal complaints, according to data compiled by Workers Rights Consortium, make clothing for dozens of global brands, including H&M, Gap Inc. (the parent company of Gap, Banana Republic, Athleta, and Old Navy), the VF Corporation (parent of North Face, Jansport, Vans, and Eagle Creek), Walmart, and Inditex (which owns Zara). Six of the eight factories are suppliers for H&M, which has a global framework agreement with the unions IndustriALL and IF Metall to support factory-level unions within its supply chains.

I asked H&M what kind of pressure they were putting on their suppliers. In an emailed response, H&M press officer Ulrika Isacsson said they were in “close dialogue with several stakeholders, including suppliers” and referred to a joint letter they sent to the Prime Minister of Bangladesh last month, along with 20 other brands, urging the government to protect workers’ rights, which gave, she said, “special attention to the legitimate representatives of the workers who were arrested.” She added, “We take a positive view on wage increases and we are prepared to pay the necessary prices.”

Scott Nova from the Workers Rights Consortium in Washington, DC, told me H&M is not acting responsibly and could be doing far more. “If global retailers threatened to halt garment orders until the unionists are released, people would be out of jail by tomorrow,” he said by email. “Instead, they languish in dank jail cells while the factory owners whose false complaints put them there keep pumping out clothes for H&M, Zara and the rest.”

Tags: afl-cio, bangladesh, gap, garment workers, h&m, solidarity center, taslima
====End Article====

====Article #13====
*TITLE: Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner Will Resign from Their Jobs, Sell Assets
*URL: http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2017/01/ivanka-trump-jared-kushner-resign-sell-assets
*AUTHORS: ['Emily Jane Fox', 'Maureen Orth', 'Abigail Tracy']
*ARTICLE: Ivanka Trump will officially step down from her executive job at the Trump Organization, as she and her husband, Jared Kushner, move their family to Washington, D.C., in the coming weeks to work in, and alongside, Donald Trump’s White House.

The decision comes as Kushner, a real-estate heir who runs his family business and owns the legacy New York newspaper The New York Observer, accepted a position as senior adviser to the president on Monday, serving under his father-in-law.

In order to comply with ethics laws, Ivanka has decided to step down from management and operations of the Trump Organization and from her eponymous fashion brand, and will resign from all officer and director positions she currently holds within each of them, according to a statement from Kushner’s attorney. She will sell all of her common stock and restructure her participation in Trump Organization transactions so that she no longer benefits from the profits. Instead, she will get a fixed series of payments from the revenue of a spate of projects. She will also recuse from participating in her interest in the Trump International Hotel in Washington, along with her interest in her brand.

Kushner will step down as chief executive of Kushner Companies and publisher of the Observer and will not have any involvement in either. He also plans to divest from some of his holdings, including the newspaper, his controversial property at 666 Fifth Avenue, and the venture capital firm Thrive Capital. The divestments will be carried out through sales at for-market value.

VIDEO: Donald Trump’s Conflicts of Interest

Ivanka and Jared’s resignation marks an unexpected evolution, and a remarkable ascent, from billionaire scions and socialites to real-estate executives to the heights of political power. It was only about 12 years ago that Ivanka moved into a glass office on the 25th floor of Trump Tower, where she was to become an executive vice president. A few years later, she launched her own eponymous jewelry brand, followed by a line of clothing, accessories, a book (and another on the way in March), and a lifestyle Web site marketed to “women who work.” Kushner took over his father’s company at the age of 25. On Tuesday, he turns 36.

This puts an unprecedented level of power in the hands of a young couple with no prior political experience, placing them at the center of an inner circle within the West Wing. Both are endlessly ambitious and, by choosing to divest and disengage from their successful businesses, sufficiently concerned about their future in Washington to play by the ethics rules. Kushner’s counsel has consulted with the Office of Government Ethics and will file public financial disclosure forms consistent with executive branch procedures. His lawyers have reportedly concluded that he is exempt from federal anti-nepotism laws preventing the appointment of family members and in-laws to federal agencies, which they argue do not apply to the White House. “These steps are consistent with federal law and executive branch practice and evidence Mr. Kushner’s commitment to public service,” his attorney, Jamie S. Gorelick, said in a statement.

Ivanka and Jared Kushner’s choice to make decisive breaks with their businesses throws into stark relief the likely decision by Donald Trump not to divest his financial stake in the Trump Organization. Trump, who won the election two months ago, has yet to offer any significant details about the conflicts of interest he will face in office. He canceled a press conference on the matter last month at the last minute, and only recently rescheduled one for later this week. What this does, of course, is set the Kushners up for a longer future in politics. It also makes their kingmaker look self-serving, opaque, and unethical, by comparison.
====End Article====

====Article #14====
*TITLE: Sports Is Failure. Sports Is Losing, Horribly and Painfully. Sports Is the Atlanta Falcons.
*URL: http://www.slate.com/articles/sports/sports_nut/2017/02/the_atlanta_falcons_loss_in_super_bowl_li_was_an_amazing_catastrophe.html
*AUTHORS: ['Josh Levin']
*ARTICLE: Ronald Martinez/Getty Images

The Golden State Warriors blew a 3–1 lead in the NBA Finals. The Cleveland Indians blew a 3–1 lead in the World Series. The Atlanta Falcons blew a 28–3 lead in the Super Bowl, which is pretty much a 3–1 lead cubed, so long as you also douse the cube in kerosene, strafe it with a blowtorch, and fumble it on your own 25-yard line while protecting a 16-point cushion in the fourth quarter.

Josh Levin Josh Levin is Slate’s executive editor.

The Cleveland Cavaliers winning a title in LeBron James’ second year back in Ohio was amazing.* The Chicago Cubs winning their first World Series in 108 years was unbelievable. Tom Brady and Bill Belichick winning their fifth NFL title was … certainly something that some people will celebrate. But sports isn’t about championship dreams realized and confetti-strewn victory parades. Sports is failure. Sports is devastation. Sports is losing, horribly and painfully. Sports is your 2016–17 Atlanta Falcons, who somehow ended up on the wrong end of a 34–28 overtime defeat in the greatest, saddest Super Bowl ever played.

Advertisement



With six minutes to go in the third quarter, Atlanta was up by 25 points and New England had no choice but to go for it on fourth down from its own 46-yard line. It was sad, really, but what choice did the Patriots have? Matt Ryan looked like Tom Brady, and Tom Brady looked like Drew Henson. The champ couldn’t quite connect with his fleet of bearded and/or lacrosse-playing receivers, and he’d been picked off by Robert Alford, whose prancing, strutting interception return gave Atlanta a 21–0 second-quarter lead. Even when the Patriots scored to make it 28–9, Stephen Gostkowski doinked the extra point. Pity the poor Pats.

Sometimes you doink the ball, and sometimes the ball destroys your soul. With nine minutes to go and Atlanta with the ball up by 16, ESPN’s win-probability machine gave the Falcons a 99.6 percent chance to win the Super Bowl. On that very play, Atlanta running back Tevin Coleman got his ankle crunched under a pile and had to leave the game. The play after that, Ryan was sacked by Dont’a Hightower, and the Patriots recovered his fumble deep in Atlanta territory. They’d score a couple of minutes later to cut the Falcons’ lead to 28–20.

Get Slate in your inbox.

A huge lead insulates you from catastrophe. The Falcons were in such a commanding position that an improbably enormous number of things could go wrong—injuries, sacks, turnovers, ridiculous catches by men with beards—without them managing to cough up the game. Blowing a 99.6 percent chance at victory is the equivalent of losing eight consecutive coin flips. In this case, one of those coin flips was an actual coin flip. If Atlanta had won the toss in overtime, Ryan very well might have led his red-and-black brethren to victory.

But that coin just kept on coming up tails. In fairness, the Patriots made some of their own luck. Belichick, to his great credit, was willing to risk embarrassing his team to improve its odds of victory. That sad, desperation fourth-down attempt in the third quarter could’ve sunk the Patriots. It was also a whole lot smarter than a punt. New England’s will to win didn’t win it the Super Bowl, but the Pats’ relentless pressure did play a part in wearing down the Falcons. The Patriots ran 93 total plays compared with the Falcons’ 46, and New England held the ball for more than 40 minutes. The Falcons’ tired defense gave up 25 points in the fourth quarter and overtime. Atlanta’s historically great offense, meanwhile, scored zero.

Advertisement



Even one of the greatest receivers who’s ever received couldn’t save the Falcons. Julio Jones is so impossibly great that calling him “one of the greatest” football players in history feels like an insult. The catch he made with just less than five minutes to go in the fourth quarter was so extraordinary and so beautiful that it felt impossible that the team he graced with his presence could possibly lose.

The leap, the extension, the tapping toes, the viselike grip that nullifies any ex post facto claim that this catch was not a catch. In a game where so much depends on happenstance, Jones made luck look like a crutch for lesser athletes. But then Ryan got sacked, and then the Falcons got called for a holding penalty—tails, tails—and then Julian Edelman won the Powerball twice while getting struck by lightning.

Robert Alford, again, read Brady’s throw perfectly, jumping up to deflect the pass before it reached Edelman. This time, though, he didn’t catch the ball. With Alford’s momentum knocking him down, the pass fluttered to the ground. Edelman, who was blanketed by two other Falcons—throwing that pass up the seam was not one of Brady’s smartest decisions—reached out his right hand before the ball hit the turf, then secured it with his left by the barest of margins. It was a great play, and a skillful one. It had also been abetted somehow by a poor throw and a great defensive play. Luck can be a hell of a crutch.

Advertisement



Sports are supposed to be zero sum. There’s always a winner and a loser. But that’s not really true. Sports are negative sum. There are 32 NFL teams, and 31 of them—that’s 97 percent, Falcons fans—finish each year without the pleasure of sticking a big, fat trophy in Roger Goodell’s face. The Patriots, who’ve won five Super Bowls in the past 15 years, are not normal. The success of Tom Brady and Bill Belichick and their rotating cast of skill-position players and pass rushers and defensive backs is a crazy outlier. New England’s victory on Sunday night—one in which they overcame a 25-point deficit; the largest previous Super Bowl comeback was 10 points—was an outlier among outliers. If it’s better to be lucky than good, then being lucky and good is best of all.

And the Falcons—oh, the Falcons. When we assess the world’s greatest athletes and the world’s greatest teams, we look at a failure to win as failure full stop rather than a painful, inevitable acquiescence to reality. Victory is as ephemeral as it is abnormal. Losing is the natural state of things. But losing like this, on the biggest stage in sports, with the organization’s first title in the balance, by blowing a huge lead to a franchise that is comically (and deservedly) self-aggrandizing …

Sports is failure. Sports is devastation. Sports is losing, horribly and painfully. But sports isn’t usually as horrible and painful as this. A 25-point lead! Come on, Atlanta.
====End Article====

====Article #15====
*TITLE: Watch Beyoncé Seamlessly Blend Activism and Swag in Her Super Bowl Halftime Performance
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/browbeat/2016/02/07/beyonc_s_super_bowl_halftime_performance_of_formation_combined_activism.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: YAAAAAAASSSSSS!!!! #maroon5 is life to me!!! #superbowl50 #HappyCamper I am 💋💋💋 https://t.co/3hU2WjnIZY

Update, Feb. 7, 2016, 9:30 p.m.: In the minutes following her performance, Beyoncé also announced a new world tour, with tickets going on sale next week. Watch a teaser below.
====End Article====

====Article #16====
*TITLE: People Are Tricking Facebook By Copy And Pasting, Not Sharing
*URL: https://www.buzzfeed.com/katienotopoulos/people-are-figuring-out-how-to-cheat-facebook-to-spread-thei?utm_term=.atGeklYjY
*AUTHORS: ['Katie Notopoulos', 'Buzzfeed News Reporter', 'Promoted By', 'Buzzfeed Staff']
*ARTICLE: ID: 10462224

You’ve probably noticed this in the last few weeks on Facebook. Maybe a friend of yours, maybe it’s even you. Someone particularly impassioned about politics, or perhaps someone who usually keeps quiet but has been moved to post all of a sudden. Perhaps the language of it doesn’t not really seem like the way your friend usually talks.

It’s a text post, usually a pretty long one. It’s political – but more than just an opinion, a call to action. Maybe it’s instructions of how to call your local legislator, or maybe it’s just instructive in a vaguer sense of like “if you voted for [whoever], fuck off!”

But the last line has an interesting twist: “COPY AND PASTE TO SHARE!”

ID: 10461981

Facebook, of course, has a way for you to share text statuses: the “Share” button. These people know that. They also know that Facebook’s newsfeed has an algorithm, and that algorithm is confusing and opaque. They know some things will get pushed to the top of their friends’ feeds, and some things won’t. The theory here is that a NEW text status, rather than a share of an existing one, will be shown more prominently.

There’s a practical design issue here too: A long text in shared post gets cut off – you have to click to “see more”. In a fresh post, more of the text shows up in your friends’ feeds.

ID: 10461628

I asked one of my Facebook friends why he was doing it. “[It] came down to how it looks when you share something that is just text on Facebook,” said Preston Olson, 40, of New Jersey. “It just shows only the first line or two. Then you have to click on it, it opens up a new page to get the full text. It’s annoying.” He had posted a long list of political actions since the Women’s March on Washington that he saw as positive (I saw other friends, completely unrelated to Olson, also copy and paste the same text).



People are revolting against the medium to get their message out. We’re starting to fight the tyranny of the feed, the sense that in a deluge of information that our friends see, our own voices won’t cut through.

This isn’t the first time this kind of attempt to game the algorithm has happened. You may have seen a life event update that your friend Got Married, and then in the description something like, “don’t worry, Mom, I’m not really married. I just wanted to tell you all about something very important to me….” People figured out that “life events” like changing your status to engaged or married is hugely prioritized in Facebook’s algorithm, and they used that instead of a text post to write their political screed. Others noticed that even if you didn’t do the full-on “life event” but just MENTIONED words like engaged, married, ring, baby, announcement that Facebook magically knew that this was probably a life event announcement that would be prioritized.

Losing our voices to the chaos of the feed is a fear to more than just the politically minded among us. Remember the great chaos this spring among C-list celebrities and social media stars when it was announced that Instagram was going to switch to an algorithmic feed? They all posted asking their followers to turn on notifications for their images so that they wouldn’t miss them. Can you imagine? Getting a notification alert on your phone each time a former contestant from The Bachelor posts to Instagram? Hell is truly within our reach.



So why are we seeing this “copy and paste, don’t share!” Facebook meme all of a sudden? Well, for one thing, it’s got a built-in call to action to share. That does actually help things go viral. But more than anything, the last two week have stirred some sort of political passion inside people who would normally never bother posting political messages. Innovation springs from need, and these people who have been pushed over the edge into the realm of political posting have invented something new: a way to trick Facebook into pushing their message into your face.

Unfortunately, for those who are allergic to political talk on social media and have been dealing with a full year now of watching relatives and high school friends arguing back and forth, this is just making 2017 worse.
====End Article====

====Article #17====
*TITLE: Are Trump’s Tweets Finally Beyond Parody?
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2017/02/06/are_trump_s_tweets_finally_beyond_parody.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Since Donald Trump entered the race for the presidency in mid-2015, about a million and one Twitter parody accounts—skewering, with varying success, both Trump’s obsession with the medium and his peculiar way of expressing himself on it—have been set up. They routinely fool journalists and casual readers alike, although some ineffable quality about Trump’s actual tweets usually makes it easy enough to tell them apart. But sometimes Trump makes it unusually difficult. Two actual Trump tweets from Monday morning read almost as though the president has taken to subtly satirizing himself. They are presented here, intermingled with recent tweets from Trump parody accounts—a Trump-parody Turing Test. Which ones are real?
====End Article====

====Article #18====
*TITLE: POTUS Trump Predicted Patriots Victory by 8 Points — They Won By 6 Points in Overtime!
*URL: http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/02/potus-trump-predicted-patriots-victory-8-points-won-6-points-thriller/
*AUTHORS: ['Jim Hoft']
*ARTICLE: Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and coach Bill Belichick endorsed Republican Donald Trump for president in November.

Today in his pregame interview with Bill O’Reilly President Trump picked the Patriots to win the Super Bowl over the Atlanta Falcons.

Trump predicted the Patriots would win by 8 points.



The Patriots were down by 25 points early in the second half.

The Patriots won by six points in overtime.

Trump was right.

Trump tweeted this after the game…
====End Article====

====Article #19====
*TITLE: Yes, those were drones at Lady Gaga's Super Bowl 51 halftime show
*URL: http://ftw.usatoday.com/2017/02/yes-those-were-drones-at-lady-gagas-super-bowl-51-halftime-show
*AUTHORS: ['Adi Joseph', 'Nina Mandell', 'Luke Kerr-Dineen', 'Adi Joseph Is Deputy Editor At For The Win', 'A Product Of These Streets. The Greatest Album Ever Is Purple Rain.', 'More']
*ARTICLE: Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl halftime show had no special guests — unless you count the drones.

Intel Drones supplied Lady Gaga and the NFL with a show-stopping show-starter — 300 Shooting Star drones painting the night sky in a pre-recorded segment in Houston, as she sang “God Bless America.” The closing scene with the Pepsi logo also was those same pre-recorded drones.

For The Win spoke to two of Intel Drones’ top people — general manager Natalie Cheung, who was on the ground in Houston running things, and vice president of business Anil Nanduri, who organized the collaboration — about the show and the future of drones in entertainment.

Let Cheung and Nanduri answer all your questions now that you’ve seen their work in action.

So how did this happen?

Intel filmed the drone shoot over several days, with the main shoot — the one we saw — done on Jan. 30. There were reports of low-flying helicopters as part of security in Houston, but that was only part of the story. The top-secret drone usage was the other.

“We were on site for nine days, so we got the proper waivers to fly in Class C airspace up to 700 feet,” Cheung said. “We got the waivers to do this at night with multiple drones per pilot through the FAA. We were testing out our drones, tweaking our animations throughout this whole process, and we filmed for one night, and it was perfect.”

Our drones have returned to the ground after an amazing #PepsiHalftime show #ExperienceMore pic.twitter.com/Augpbt05u6 — Intel (@intel) February 6, 2017

The setup was not so quick, but it all came together once the right people got to talking.

“We worked a lot with the (NFL’s) creative team,” she said. “You can see there’s a lot of different stakeholders in this. We worked with NFL, Pepsi, Lady Gaga. She was very aware with what was happening with the story board from the very get-go, so it was a very constructive and very tight collaboration.”

Why couldn’t it be done live?

“So there’s a lot of weather and environment (issues),” Cheung said. “In February, you don’t know what it will be like during Super Bowl day. We’d hate to plan all this and, if the wind speeds are too high or if it’s raining and the roof is closed, no one can see this spectacular show. So our creative team as well as the Super Bowl creative team felt this would be best to be filmed. Lady Gaga also was on the roof when this was filmed, and from a logistics and creative perspective, it’s a bit hard for her to go from the roof all the way down to the floor of the stadium.”

But Nanduri was quick to dismiss any thought that this couldn’t be a live show.

“When we talked about Super Bowl, the primary weather issue was if they closed the dome,” he said. “If I had to simplify it, if you can do fireworks because of weather, so can our drones. … We’ve never had a situation where we can’t fly. The shooting star drone is water-resistant. It can handle light rain. It can handle a decent amount of wind — 8 meters per second, which is pretty decent wind speed.”

What is the end goal here?

Cheung explained, “It’s a different way of merging art and technology, which I think a lot of people haven’t seen. We started this effort maybe a year and a half ago, and it started with 100 drones in the sky and showed a simple Intel logo. We caught on pretty quickly that this was more than just fireworks. It could be branding in the sky. It could be an artistic event. There’s a lot of different ways that people could utilize this. The Disney team we worked with used it as a theme park attraction. The Super Bowl team utilized it as a way to emphasize and express Lady Gaga’s music. … It can create and mean many different things.”

And Nanduri brought up the Guinness Book of World Records showcase as an example that led to this opportunity — and many more in the future.

“When we did the Guinness Book of World Records, the 500 drones, that was a huge viral phenomenon, and we had already started to fly at Disney, which was another uptick of what the light shows are all about. In that process, I think there was an awareness created, especially to the creative agencies around the world, what a canvas in the sky that they can now paint with lights could be as a value-add to their experience.”

Don’t be surprised, then if you see Fourth of July shows and other holiday spectaculars using drones more and more.

So are we pretty much talking about robot fireworks?

No, but sort of.

“It’s not exactly fireworks,” Cheung said, citing the speed — 30 minutes for a single animation — and repeatability of the show.

They’ve been used at Disney, too, where they were deployed in a similar method to nightly … fireworks shows.

“There’s a good comparison of drones and fireworks, Nanduri said. “There’s a couple aspects of fundamental difference, though. With drones, I like to think of it as painting a canvas in the sky. You have the flexibility of creating animations, creating logos, creating storytelling. With the comparison to fireworks, yes, (both) can create a lot of formations, a lot of excitement — but it’s green. It’s reusable. No pollution. There’s a fundamental difference in precision and a difference of solving pollution and other issues with fireworks, and the last part is it’s reusable. Of course, you don’t get the boom of fireworks.”

Drones! I’m still kind of weirded out by this …

Nanduri: “With the notion of drones and the perception of the public, I think light shows are one good way to bring that perception back to (what a drone really is). … If I had to go back a year or two and look at what the perception of drones was then, I start to see a lot friendlier use of the term. You see the industries using the term as well. They’re more comfortable. And we look at light shows as … re-emphasizing that drones can be used in so many different ways.”

Cheung: “Intel’s changing the perception and definition of drones here. No one ever thought that a drone could create such a beautiful art show and such an amazing experience for nighttime entertainment. It’s not something that we’re redefining the definition of a drone. You can see them being used in commercial applications. But when we talk about drones now, people get excited. They see it as a light in the sky.”
====End Article====

====Article #20====
*TITLE: Steve Kerr says Gregg Popovich is ‘one of my mentors’
*URL: http://www.foxsports.com/nba/story/steve-kerr-says-gregg-popovich-is-one-of-my-mentors-061015
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Before he was head coach of the Golden State Warriors, trying to scheme his way to a sixth championship ring, Steve Kerr played for San Antonio Spurs legend Gregg Popovich.

For four years, from 1999 to 2003, Kerr was a veteran presence on the Spurs, bookending his tenure with a pair of titles. It was over a decade ago, but the Warriors head coach hasn't forgotten just how intelligent Popovich was/is. Here's what he had to say about their relationship, per Inside Bay Area's Jeff Faraudo:

"'Pop's my guy. He's one of my mentors, along with Lute Olson and Phil Jackson. I've drawn a lot of inspiration from Pop, a lot of knowledge.' In terms of how he handles himself during games, Kerr said Popovich advised him to be himself. 'This is kind of how I am. I love the game. I'm competitive. I hate to lose. I'm not going to get too amped up, this is my nature. I'm pretty relaxed. It's a basketball game. I try to keep a healthy perspective about life. But you better believe I want to win.'"

Kerr won 67 regular season games in his first year as a head coach and is three games away from winning a title. But it's interesting to wonder if he'd be where he is without Pop's influence.

(h/t: Inside Bay Area)

Photo Credit: Kyle Terada/USA TODAY Sports
====End Article====

====Article #21====
*TITLE: Behind Trump’s victory: Divisions by race, gender, education
*URL: http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/11/09/behind-trumps-victory-divisions-by-race-gender-education/
*AUTHORS: ['Alec Tyson', 'Shiva Maniam', 'Carolee Kelly', 'Lucas Perez', 'Sean Hartung', 'John Edwards', 'Roger Young', 'Grandmas Homestead', 'Rusty Castleman', 'Matt M']
*ARTICLE: Donald Trump scored an impressive Electoral College victory Nov. 8 after a campaign that revealed deep divisions – by race, gender and education – that were as wide and in some cases wider than in previous elections, according to an analysis of national exit poll data.

Trump won white voters by a margin almost identical to that of Mitt Romney, who lost the popular vote to Barack Obama in 2012. (Trump appears likely to lose the popular vote, which would make him only the fifth elected president to do so and still win office.) White non-Hispanic voters preferred Trump over Clinton by 21 percentage points (58% to 37%), according to the exit poll conducted by Edison Research for the National Election Pool. Romney won whites by 20 percentage points in 2012 (59% to 39%).

However, although Trump fared little better among blacks and Hispanics than Romney did four years ago, Hillary Clinton did not run as strongly among these core Democratic groups as Obama did in 2012. Clinton held an 80-point advantage among blacks (88% to 8%) compared with Obama’s 87-point edge four years ago (93% to 6%). In 2008, Obama had a 91-point advantage among blacks.

(For more analysis of the 2016 exit polls, see “Hillary Clinton wins Latino vote, but falls below 2012 support for Obama” and “How the faithful voted: A preliminary 2016 analysis.” For an explanation of how exit polls are conducted, see “Just how does the general election exit poll work, anyway?” )

Women supported Clinton over Trump by 54% to 42%. This is about the same as the Democratic advantage among women in 2012 (55% Obama vs. 44% Romney) and 2008 (56% Obama vs. 43% McCain).

By 53% to 41%, more men supported Trump than Clinton (the 12-point margin is identical to the margin by which women supported Clinton). The advantage for Trump among men is larger than the 7-point advantage Romney had in 2012 and much different than in 2008, when men preferred Obama over McCain by a single point. Trump’s performance among men is similar to that of George W. Bush in the 2004 and 2000 elections, where he won men by 11 points in each election.

The gender gap in presidential vote preference is among the widest in exit polls dating back to 1972. However, it is not dramatically higher than in some other recent elections, including the 2000 contest between Bush and Al Gore.

In the 2016 election, a wide gap in presidential preferences emerged between those with and without a college degree. College graduates backed Clinton by a 9-point margin (52%-43%), while those without a college degree backed Trump 52%-44%. This is by far the widest gap in support among college graduates and non-college graduates in exit polls dating back to 1980. For example, in 2012, there was hardly any difference between the two groups: College graduates backed Obama over Romney by 50%-48%, and those without a college degree also supported Obama 51%-47%.

Among whites, Trump won an overwhelming share of those without a college degree; and among white college graduates – a group that many identified as key for a potential Clinton victory – Trump outperformed Clinton by a narrow 4-point margin.

Trump’s margin among whites without a college degree is the largest among any candidate in exit polls since 1980. Two-thirds (67%) of non-college whites backed Trump, compared with just 28% who supported Clinton, resulting in a 39-point advantage for Trump among this group. In 2012 and 2008, non-college whites also preferred the Republican over the Democratic candidate but by less one-sided margins (61%-36% and 58%-40%, respectively).

Trump won whites with a college degree 49% to 45%. In 2012, Romney won college whites by a somewhat wider margin in 2012 (56%-42%). Trump’s advantage among this group is the same as John McCain’s margin in 2008 (51%-47%).

Due largely to the dramatic movement among whites with no college degree, the gap between college and non-college whites is wider in 2016 than in any past election dating to 1980.

Clinton received a lower share of the vote among young voters (ages 18-29) than Obama received in 2012 or 2008. Young adults preferred Clinton over Trump by a wide 55%-37% margin; by comparison, Obama had a 60%-36% advantage over Romney in 2012 and a 66%-32% advantage over McCain in 2008.

Older voters (ages 65 and older) preferred Trump over Clinton 53%-45%. This is roughly the same advantage for the Republican candidate as in 2012 when older voters backed Romney over Obama 56%-44%.

With Clinton performing worse among young voters than Obama, the overall difference between the preferences of the youngest and oldest voters is smaller than it was in both the 2012 and 2008 elections.

This preliminary analysis reflects data for 2016 as published by CNN.com as of 11 a.m. on Nov. 9, 2016. If data are subsequently re-weighted by the National Election Pool (NEP), the consortium of news organizations that conducts the exit polls, the numbers reported here may differ slightly from figures accessible through the websites of NEP member organizations.

Topics: 2016 Election, Education, Gender, Generations and Age, Political Attitudes and Values, Political Polarization, Race and Ethnicity, U.S. Political Parties, Voter Demographics, Voter Participation
====End Article====

====Article #22====
*TITLE: Why Bother With “Coup” Conspiracy Theories? The Muslim Ban’s Racist Goals Are Right in Front of Us.
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2017/01/30/steve_bannon_and_stephen_miller_s_muslim_ban_is_about_white_nationalism.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Ron Sachs/Pool/Getty Images

There's a piece going around that identifies the Trump administration's chaotic weekend rollout of a seven-nation Muslim ban as the "trial balloon" for a "coup" that would marginalize the legislative and judicial branches and consolidate all government power in the White House. While there were certainly disturbing reports over the weekend about executive branch employees ignoring judicial branch orders, this larger coup theory doesn't entirely square with reality. A few of its problems:

Advertisement



It speculates that green card holders (lawful permanent residents) were initially included in the ban as a ruse to intentionally "create chaos and pull out opposition," i.e. provoke protests, with the ultimate goal of creating "resistance fatigue" in the general population. (White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said Sunday that the ban would not apply to green cards going forward.) But the early calls for protest against the ban didn't mention green cards, and a number of the high-profile detentions that initially made headlines involved refugees rather than lawful permanent residents.

It asserts both that the Department of Homeland Security (which includes border guards) is being groomed to become Trump's loyalist personal security force and that some federal departments are being "deliberately hobbled" by orders that are "announced to them only after the fact." Per the New York Times, though, one of the people that wasn't told about the ban order until it was signed was John Kelly, Trump's just-chosen leader of the Department of Homeland Security.

It includes a reference to the infamous Christopher Steele dossier's suggestion that Trump was offered a 19 percent stake in the Russian oil company Rosneft if he could lift sanctions on Russia, then notes that 19 percent of Rosneft was sold a few weeks ago. "The reason this is so interesting is that the dossier said this in July [2016], and the sale didn’t happen until early December [2016]," writes Yonatan Zunger, the coup theory's author. But Vladimir Putin announced that 19 percent of Rosneft was for sale in December 2015. It doesn't demonstrate any special knowledge on the part of Steele or his sources that he was aware of the 19 percent figure.

Generally speaking, the coup theory ascribes to 11-dimensional chess that can be explained by simple incompetence and ideological extremism. Namely, the managerial incompetence of Donald Trump—recall that the only public company Trump ever ran lost money every year he was in charge and went bankrupt twice—and the ideological extremism of Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller, two of Trump's top lieutenants.

Bannon is Trump's "chief strategist" and the former publisher of the far-right site Breitbart; Miller was a senatorial aide to attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions before becoming Trump's top speechwriter and is now a White House "senior adviser." Bannon and Miller were reportedly the driving forces behind the ban, and both have histories that suggest they believe the United States should preserve a distinctly white culture through border control. Bannon has said publicly that he believes the "Judeo-Christian West" is in the "very beginning stages of a very brutal and bloody conflict," a "global war" against Islamic terrorism; in the same speech, he praised "forefathers" who defeated Muslim armies in Europe. And there's evidence that when Bannon says "Judeo-Christian" he actually means "white Christian": His ex-wife said he didn't want their daughters attending school with Jews while his site, Breitbart, has a section called "Black Crime" and has praised white supremacists like Richard Spencer who believe in the "natural" tendency toward racial segregation. (Bannon has denied his wife's allegation.) And in a radio conversation with Trump in 2015 Bannon complained that too many Silicon Valley CEOs have Asian ancestry, which he said undermines American "civil society."
====End Article====

====Article #23====
*TITLE: Kanye West Says He Would Have Voted for Trump
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/browbeat/2016/11/18/kanye_west_says_he_would_have_voted_for_trump_tells_black_people_to_stop.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: For anyone that wanted to know, the word is, sadly, officially in: Kanye West is a Donald Trump supporter . In front of a stunned audience at a California concert on Thursday night, West rambled about not participating in this year’s presidential election before explaining that, had he voted, it would have been for the Republican nominee. He then scolded black Americans for “talking about race so much.” His speech was met by a chorus of boos.

Disappointed fans took to Twitter to express their outrage. But West had been leaning that way on the Trump-Clinton spectrum for months—Page Six quoted a source as early as March saying that “he’s not going to vote for Trump, but he supports him.” And there’s also the matter of those infamous Twitter rants and that “planned” 2020 candidacy. Indeed, Yeezy has enough in common with our perfectly stable president-elect to render this news, well, unsurprising.
====End Article====

====Article #24====
*TITLE: Why Judge Robart Blocked the Muslim Ban: There’s No Legal Way to Implement an Illegal Order
*URL: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2017/02/why_judge_robart_blocked_trump_s_muslim_ban.html
*AUTHORS: ['Mark Joseph Stern']
*ARTICLE: Screengrab from NBC News

It’s over—for now. On Friday night, U.S. District Judge James Robart blocked the entirety of Donald Trump’s de facto Muslim ban from taking effect. His extraordinary ruling, which applies nationwide, froze all relevant provisions of the executive order, finding a substantial likelihood that the plaintiff will ultimately prevail in challenging the legality of the ban. That plaintiff was Washington state, which obtained standing to sue by demonstrating that the order would harm the state’s interests and residents. Just two weeks into Trump’s presidency, a progressive state has already succeeded in thwarting—at least temporarily—a huge part of his cruelest agenda.

Mark Joseph Stern Mark Joseph Stern is a writer for Slate. He covers the law and LGBTQ issues.

Why did Robart rule so broadly? In his time on the bench, Robart has demonstrated a deep commitment to facts—the real ones, not the alternative ones—and the impact of the law on actual lives. A George W. Bush appointee, his jurisprudence shows no obvious partisanship, and his evenhanded courtroom demeanor suggests a commitment to fairness and impartiality. Before Friday, Robart was best known for overseeing a consent decree between the Justice Department and Seattle. This process reached a stalemate in 2016, when the Seattle police union rejected a proposed contract on the grounds that it didn’t reward officers with enough benefits in exchange for complying with the Constitution. Robart put negotiations back on track by sternly censuring the police union.

The entire order is irrational and motivated by unlawful anti-Muslim animus.

Advertisement



“The court and the citizens of Seattle will not be held hostage for increased payments and benefits,” Robart said at a hearing. “I’m sure the entire city of Seattle would march behind me.” He then noted that, nationwide, blacks represent 41 percent of police shooting victims, but only 20 percent of the overall population. From the bench, Robart declared: “Black lives matter.”

Robart issued no such dramatic proclamations at Friday’s hearing. His questioning was calm but vigorous and persistent. He asked Washington State Solicitor General Noah Purcell how the executive order could discriminate against Muslims when, on its face, it makes no mention of a particular religion. But he also asked Justice Department attorney Michelle Bennett how the order was rationally related to its stated goals. How many citizens of the seven Muslim-majority countries targeted by the ban, he asked Bennett, had been arrested on domestic terrorism charges since 9/11? She said she didn’t know—but he did. The answer, he said, was zero.

Get Slate in your inbox.

“You’re here arguing on behalf of someone who says we have to protect the U.S. from these individuals coming from these countries,” Robart said, “and there’s no support for that.”

When Robart issued his ruling, he took care to reiterate his commitment to both judicial restraint and independence. “Fundamental to the work of this court is a vigilant recognition that it is but one of three equal branches of our federal government,” he wrote.

The work of the court is not to create policy or judge the Wisdom of any particular policy promoted by the other two branches. That is the work of the legislative and executive branches and of the citizens of this country who ultimately exercise democratic control over those branches. The work of the Judiciary, and this court, is limited to ensuring that the actions taken by the other two branches comport with our country’s laws, and more importantly, our Constitution. …

[T]he court is mindful of the considerable impact its order may have on the parties before it, the executive branch of our government, and the country’s citizens and residents. The court concludes that the circumstances brought before it today are such that it must intervene to fulfill its constitutional role in our tripart government.

Robart’s order did not elaborate extensively on the ban’s constitutional infirmities. But in ruling for Washington—and in blocking the entirety of the ban—he appeared to agree with the state’s claim that Trump’s executive order cannot be carried out in a constitutional manner. That’s critically important. Most other judges to consider the ban so far have found that it violates the due-process rights of immigrants already in the United States and those who were on their way into the country when the order was signed. Robart went far beyond that rather narrow question of law, finding that the entire order is likely unconstitutional, presumably because it is irrational and motivated by unlawful anti-Muslim animus.
====End Article====

====Article #25====
*TITLE: Snapchat IPO: The Only Woman on Snap's Board Makes Less than the Men
*URL: http://fortune.com/2017/02/04/snapchat-ipo-woman-board-joanna-coles/
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Ahead of its IPO, the business community learned a lot about Snapchat, the famously secretive social media darling—including how white and male its board of directors is.

On Thursday, Snap Inc., the parent company of the messaging app, disclosed details of its business in its S-1 filing in preparation for its initial public offering. Along with information that's likely to make some investors' mouths water (like its 600% growth rate in 2016), there are a few details that may give some pause—including the company's lack of diverse leadership.

Snap, which is expected to go public in March, has nine directors on its board—only one of whom is female: Hearst Magazines chief content officer Joanna Coles. The filing also reveals that, of the five directors who are being paid, Coles made the least in 2016. Snap Inc. initially declined to comment, but after publication told Fortune that the S-1 does not reflect Ms. Coles' latest grant, which was issued in January 2017.

The media exec is the lowest paid of the non-employee directors—a group that includes all directors except CEO Evan Spiegel and CTO Bobby Murphy—who currently receive compensation from the company. Snap has awarded Coles much less stock than her male peers, which means she stands to make relatively little money off the IPO.

In 2016, Snap paid Coles $110,866 in total compensation, including a $35,000 salary retainer. The next lowest-paid directors, on the other hand, made almost ten times that much: G100 Companies CEO Scott Miller and Intel Security Group senior vice president Christopher Young each received nearly $1.1 million each in 2016—and they only started in October.

Snap's highest-paid director is former P&G chairman A.G. Lafley, who joined the board in July of 2016, and still made more than $2.6 million for the year. Lafley's compensation includes a retainer of $200,000 annually, nearly six times as much as the one Coles receives.

The biggest differentiating factor in Coles' pay is the number of shares she received in Snap. Lafley, for one, received almost all of his compensation in stock, 162,762 shares worth more than $2.5 million, that vest over the next four years.

But even with other board members' vesting requirements, Coles is still getting much less than her male counterparts. While Lafley's stock award works out to 40,691 shares per year. Coles, who is awarded stock on an annual basis, only received 7,488 shares for 2016. (While another director, IPO expert and LinkedIn board member Stanley Meresman, did not receive an annual salary or stock award last year, he received the same sized stock allotment as Lafley in 2015, which is still worth more than all of Coles' compensation for 2016.)

Miller and Young, for their part, each received 65,106 shares to vest over the next four years, the equivalent of twice as many shares per year as Coles received. (In 2015, Snap awarded Coles just 4,882 shares.)

The directors who went unpaid last year were investors who already owned large amounts of Snap stock. Michael Lynton, who recently stepped down from his role as CEO of Sony and is now executive chairman of the company, has stock through his company Lynton Asset LP. Meanwhile, Mitch Lasky is a partner at Benchmark Capital, a VC firm has about a 13% stake in the company.

When Snap goes public, it plans to create a new pay policy in which all board members will be eligible to earn compensation. The IPO filing did not specify how much they will make.

The fact that Snap pays its one female board member (Coles) less than the other directors is also consistent with current trends. A recent study by researchers at the University of Missouri and the University of Delaware found that "diverse" directors (women and minorities) on the boards at more than 1,800 companies are paid about 3% to 9% less than their "non-diverse" (white and male) counterparts.

Subscribe to the Broadsheet, Fortune’s daily newsletter on the world’s most powerful women.

Snap's board is more male than most in Silicon Valley. Among the last 100 technology companies to file for an IPO, 80% of the 381 board appointments were male, according to a recent report by Redfin , a number that's consistent with the U.S. overall, where women hold about 20% of board seats at the largest public companies, according to research by executive search firm Egon Zehnder . Facebook ( fb ) and Apple ( aapl ) each have two women on their boards and Google ( googl ) has three.

Diversity at the top isn't just a"nice to have"—it's been shown to improve financial performance. According to 2015 research by McKinsey & Company , companies with boards in the top quartile for gender diversity were 15% more likely to outperform those in the bottom quartile. And if that isn't reason enough for Snap to add more women to its top ranks, the company might want to reflect on who turned it into a social media phenomenon: the female Snapchatters who first put the startup on the map and likely account for much of its revenue .

Additional reporting by Jen Wieczner.

This story has been updated to include Snap Inc.'s comment and to note that Coles is not the only minority member of Snap's board. Chris Young is African-American.
====End Article====

====Article #26====
*TITLE: Donald Trump Is Our C Student in Chief
*URL: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2017/02/donald_trump_is_our_c_student_in_chief.html
*AUTHORS: ['Katy Waldman']
*ARTICLE: Alex Wong/Getty Images

Back in 2009, web designer Matthew Ipcar, who’d created change.gov for the Obama campaign, led a small team tasked with relaunching the White House website. “We started from scratch,” he recalled. After drafting a 40-page memo articulating their vision, goals, and themes, Ipcar and his crew overhauled navigation, optimized typefaces, added image galleries, rewrote the presidential biographies, and introduced a “share your thoughts” section that encouraged users to interact with executive staff. “In the end,” Ipcar said, “we built something different from any previous head of state’s online presence. We were really proud.” (Disclosure: Ipcar is married to Slate columnist Michelle Goldberg.)

Katy Waldman Katy Waldman is a Slate staff writer.

Eight years later, Ipcar and his former colleagues are less proud than dismayed. Trump’s administration has preserved the shell of the site while gutting it from within. Rather than construct a new template, the Trump administration focused on removing pages about LGBTQ rights, criminal justice reform, health care policy, and climate change. Trump’s web wizards also temporarily disappeared the judiciary branch from the portal’s Government section.

Advertisement



“I feel responsible for designing this beautiful thing,” Ipcar told me. “But it’s like a really good building—it has rooms and furniture and portraits, and it’s solid and it works. And now this other man is living in it.” The new guy seems like a bit of a slob. He’s careless when it comes to standardizing fonts and formatting across multiple pages. His copy is rife with grammatical errors and poor phrasing. “Art therapy is facilitated by art therapists who use art media as a method of treatment,” begins a sentence in Karen Pence’s online biography. The site now reads like an extremely patriotic fifth-grade book report. “Donald J. Trump is the 45th President of the United States,” the president’s official bio explains. “He believes the United States has incredible potential and will go on to exceed anything that it has achieved in the past. His campaign slogan was Make America Great Again, and that is what he intends to do.”

Slate design director Jason Santa Maria describes the Trump iteration of the White House website as “brochure-ware,” a form of “one-way communication.” The Obama administration’s digital hub invited users to “send questions, comments, concerns, or well-wishes to the President or his staff using this form.” The new WhiteHouse.gov asks you to “follow President Trump on Twitter at @POTUS.”

Get Slate in your inbox.

Trump’s online embodiment isn’t just a bad website. It’s a microcosm of this administration’s laziness, sloppiness, and lack of imagination. This is Donald Trump’s life story: He helps himself to the fruits of other people’s labor, even as he denigrates those he’s cribbing from. As a businessman, he stiffed his contractors; NPR recently reported that three Washington-area companies are suing Trump International Hotel for more than $5 million in unpaid fees. The executive order draft that caused a stir last week when it appeared to revive Bush-era detention and interrogation policies almost exactly mirrors a campaign proposal from Mitt Romney’s camp. Sure, political documents often draw on language from past officeholders. But placed in the context of this president’s mulish mediocrity, the cloned order feels like yet another example of our C student in chief copying someone else’s homework.

The Trump team is marked by both a fundamental absence of vision and a lack of qualms about taking other people’s stuff.

Casual appropriation has been a hallmark of Trump’s political rise. Parts of Melania Trump’s speech at the Republican National Convention were swiped from an address by Michelle Obama. On Inauguration Day, the president’s Twitter background made use of photos from Barack Obama’s first swearing-in. In a perceptive and devastating essay for the New York Review of Books, Masha Gessen noted that Trump’s inaugural ball cake amounted to a shoddy imitation of Obama’s, the only difference being that this dessert contained chiefly Styrofoam. “The cake may be the best symbol yet of the incoming administration: much of what little it brings is plagiarized, and most of it is unusable for the purpose for which presidential administrations are usually intended,” Gessen writes. “Not only does it not achieve excellence: it does not even see the point of excellence.”

Advertisement



The Trump team is marked by both a stubborn, fundamental absence of vision and a lack of moral qualms about taking other people’s stuff. All of this copying isn’t just a symptom of dullness or laziness or entitlement; it’s a complicated alloy of those things and more. It is brazen, like Trump’s ridiculous lies about voter fraud and his claim that Obama was born in Kenya. It reveals, too, the new president’s complacency, opportunism, and dearth of substance. (A tenacious plagiarism habit may also help doctors identify people with narcissistic personality disorder.)

It’s telling who is and isn’t allowed to get away with stealing other people’s work. When CNN discovered that conservative commentator Monica Crowley, whom Trump had tapped to direct strategic communications for the National Security Council, was a serial plagiarist, the White House at first defended her. “HarperCollins—one of the largest and most respected publishers in the world—published her book which has become a national best-seller,” the Trumpkins team trumpeted, invoking the POTUS-friendly metrics of ratings, sales, and prestige. “Any attempt to discredit Monica is nothing more than a politically motivated attack that seeks to distract from the real issues facing this country.” But Crowley pulled herself out of consideration for the White House post soon after. Apparently she hadn’t quite mastered—or been permitted to exhibit—her leader’s shamelessness.

Or consider the tango that ensued when viewers realized that Melania Trump had airlifted into her RNC address sentences from her predecessor’s remarks at the 2008 Democratic convention. First, Paul Manafort and Sean Spicer vociferously denied that any literary theft had occurred. (Spicer memorably quoted a few gauzy lines on family and dreams from the My Little Pony character Twilight Sparkle before demanding, “Did Mrs. Obama plagiarize her, too?”) Then, as media outlets turned up the heat, Trump Organization employee Meredith McIver stepped forward to take the fall. She released a statement flagellating herself for including some choice phrasings Melania had highlighted for her. “This was my mistake, and I feel terrible for the chaos I have caused Melania and the Trumps, as well as to Mrs. Obama,” McIver said. The apology never acknowledged that Melania would likely have noticed the Obama language she’d so admired when it reappeared on her own teleprompter. Plagiarism is about impunity, and impunity means that when you can’t erase the consequences of your actions, you need to find someone else to absorb the punishment.
====End Article====

====Article #27====
*TITLE: Practicing Good Personal Cybersecurity Isn’t Just About Protecting Yourself
*URL: http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/future_tense/2017/02/everyone_needs_to_take_computer_security_seriously.html
*AUTHORS: ['Josephine Wolff']
*ARTICLE: g-stockstudio/iStock

Last Thanksgiving, while other people’s families were arguing about politics, my family and I managed to get into a fight over whether they should be paying more attention to the security of their computers and data. One insisted she doesn’t do any online banking; another pointed out that his email is incredibly boring; and, anyway, they pretty much all assume anyone who wanted to would be able to access everything anyway.

Computer security tools and tactics are a tough sell for many people: They’re not interested in learning about it, they don’t feel they have any particularly important data to protect, they can’t imagine that they would ever be interesting targets, or they don’t really believe they’ll be able to stop determined adversaries. I imagine those people (including my mother) feel about articles on how to configure a virtual private network or set up two-factor authentication roughly the way I feel about articles on how to turn old plastic bottles into sumo wrestler bowling pins.

Advertisement



I get it: You’re not an investigative journalist protecting sources, you’re not a criminal hiding illegal plots, and your work email consists mostly of passive-aggressive queries about moldy leftovers in the office refrigerator. But the security of your devices and your data does matter—for you, individually, and also for society.

Get Futurography in your inbox.

You may not need to use a VPN constantly or activate two-factor authentication for every account or encrypt all your communications. But you should probably be doing all of these things at least some of the time. So even if you’ve convinced yourself that you have absolutely nothing to hide—that no one could conceivably be interested in the contents of your digital life—it’s worth taking 15 minutes to understand a few of the security options available to you and when and why you might want to be using them.

Rest assured, you have something to lose. You have money that can be stolen if criminals manage to find your financial information or account numbers tucked among your files and emails. You have work that can be lost if those same adversaries compromise your devices and delete the contents—or hold them for ransom. You’ve sent snarky text messages and emails, and you’ve searched Google for information about an embarrassing rash.

Protecting yourself online is about dealing with a lot of different threats all at once: your most hated colleagues, organized crime rings, and surveillance powers of both foreign nations and your own government. Many of the same technical tools that protect against one also protect against the others. So give up the idea that you, yourself, have nothing to defend and no one you need to defend it from.

Advertisement



Beyond just protecting your own self-interest, improving your computer security also benefits society at large. Even if your devices and communications contain absolutely nothing of any value to you or anyone else, they can still be used as weapons against others if compromised. For instance, your devices can be infected to become part of a bot and used to launch large-scale distributed denial of service attacks. Or your email account can be compromised and used to send emails to your contacts to breach their accounts. Or your computer can be used as an intermediary staging ground for routing an attack to its ultimate target, making it more difficult to identify the real perpetrator and easier to trick the target into accepting malicious traffic that appears to originate from an innocent or trusted network. Or the ransomware you accidentally downloaded could demand that you infect your friends in order to free your files.

Your online security has broader implications when it comes to government surveillance as well. You may feel you have absolutely nothing to hide from national governments, but there are probably some people whose work you think is important: political activists and journalists, for instance. Using tools such as DuckDuckGo, Tor, and Signal provides support for services that many people really do need, both by driving revenue or donations and by making these tools more ubiquitous and therefore better maintained. It also makes it harder to single out the people using these services and treat them as criminals.

If you’ve never gotten very worked up about digital surveillance because you’ve always basically trusted the U.S. government until now, this is a good moment to make it a little bit more difficult for it to collect and monitor all of your data. The U.S. government has vast surveillance powers, of course, and if it really wants to figure out what you’re doing, odds are good that it will find a way. But there’s value in making that process a little harder, a little slower, and a little more difficult to scale up and apply indiscriminately to the entire country.

Protecting computers and communications is ultimately about protecting people. And while the phrase “cybersecurity self-defense” suggests this is mostly about protecting yourself, that’s only one reason to finally learn about all the technologies you’ve been conscientiously avoiding for years. Ramping up your cybersecurity practices is as much—if not more—about protecting other people as it is about protecting yourself.
====End Article====

====Article #28====
*TITLE: Barry Sonnenfeld on Netflix’s A Series of Unfortunate Events and Why He’s Glad He Was Fired From the Movie
*URL: http://www.vulture.com/2017/01/barry-sonnenfeld-a-series-of-unfortunate-events-netflix.html?wpsrc=nymag
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Photo: Joe Lederer/Netflix

“I’ve always wanted to do these shows,” Barry Sonnenfeld said about his work on Lemony Snicket’s A Series of Unfortunate Events. “Sometimes a remake of something can be better than the original.” The original, in this case, wasn’t the Lemony Snicket book series, written under a pseudonym by Daniel Handler, but the 2004 film adaptation of those books, which Sonnenfeld was set to direct before he was fired him from the project. Years later, Sonnenfeld, whose filmmaking career spans Men in Black, The Addams Family, and Pushing Daisies, still found himself wanting another crack at the Snicket story. After Netflix bought the rights to the books, he finally got his chance. Vulture caught up with Sonnenfeld to talk about why he’s glad he got fired from the Unfortunate Events movie, how he went about casting the TV series, and why comparisons to Tim Burton and Wes Anderson miss the mark.

You worked with Daniel Handler on the original Series of Unfortunate Events movie, then you both left the project. Why come back now?

I’m going to be long-winded about this. I read the books to my child until she became uninterested and then I read them for myself as they continued to progress. I loved them incredibly, because, basically, the books posit that all children are capable and wonderful and all adults, whether they mean well or are villains, are ineffectual and kind of horrible. That’s kind of the way I felt about my parents.

I remember when I was the director on the movie. I was pretty far along. I had worked with the production, designer and design staff, and shot-listed sequences. Daniel and I and Scott Rudin were working on the script together. Then at some point, Scott left. He’s a powerful producer. Without him, it became problematic and I remember the head of Paramount, Sherry Lansing, saying to me that she needed a partner [to produce the project] because dark comedies never work. She said, “I’ve never made a penny on a dark comedy.” I said, “Actually, Sherry, you made money on two black comedies and I directed both of them. Addams Family and Addams Family Values.” She said, “Oh, they don’t count. Honey, they don’t count.” I was close to getting Sony to put up half the money and that fell through, and I said, “Go to anyone but DreamWorks. If you go to DreamWorks, the head of DreamWorks over there, Walter Parkes, will fire me the next day because he was the producer on the Men in Black movies and we didn’t get along.” She went to DreamWorks and the next day I was fired.

Years went by and a friend of mine, a manager named Jimmy Miller, called me and said, “You know, Netflix just bought the books. You should try to get involved.” I wanted to because I loved the books so much and I loved the material. I felt I was the right guy to direct the material. For the longest time, Netflix didn’t really want to meet with me because I had an executive producer credit on the movie and they didn’t want to have anything to do with the original movie. Eventually I got a meeting, and made them understand that I was not involved in the movie in the end. Daniel was very helpful in convincing Netflix to hire me too, I believe.

You also get to tell the story in a different format on Netflix. You can spend more time with each of the incidents along the way.

I had two thoughts going into the meeting with Netflix. One was that each book could probably be a couple of episodes, which is what we did. The other thing I felt very strongly about was that Lemony Snicket should be an onscreen presence. In the movie, he narrates it and you see him at a typewriter. I felt that we could do much more visually and emotionally with that character.

Did you know that you wanted Patrick Warburton to play Snicket?

I always knew I wanted Warburton. Daniel is a huge fan of Patrick as well. Patrick and I have worked together many times. He was in Men in Black II, he was the lead in The Tick, which I executive produced and directed the pilot of. He was also Puddy in Seinfeld. Jerry Seinfeld is a friend of mine and we talk about Warburton and we always say, “You can read the script and go, ‘Oh Jesus, look at this terrible line that Warburton has to say,’ and somehow he says it and it’s the most brilliant thing ever written.” Luckily, in the case of our script, that wasn’t a problem, but boy, he has a lot of words to say and a lot of them are verging on non sequiturs. He’s like Rod Serling in The Twilight Zone. There’s certain people, whenever you do a project, you say, “Is there a part for Warburton?”

By the way, I don’t know if Daniel has expressed this — and this sounds like every awards show you’ve ever seen — but boy, there’s no studio like Netflix. It’s truly a magical place.

How so? Do you get more freedom than a traditional studio?

I think their philosophy is hire the right person for the job and then let them do the job. Netflix gave me notes when I finished each episode and they would say, “Well, here are our notes. You can take them or leave them.” And I said, “What do you mean? It’s your money.” They said, “Yeah, but it’s your show.”

Daniel told me that he really wanted Neil Patrick Harris to play Count Olaf. What were you looking for in his performance?

What’s great about Neil and what’s great about K. Todd Freeman, who plays Mr. Poe, is that there’s a wonderful reality and theatricality to their performances. Neil can be very big, very stylized, very funny, very mean. He’s sort of like a chemist or a scientist or physicist. He knows the words, he comes in, he has a plan, and he knows it’s 18 percent this and 42 percent that. It’s all worked out ahead of time. The notes I would give him were very minimal, never because I disagreed with what he was doing, but only so I would have choices in the cutting room.

A lot of the casting seems to lie in finding people who get the tone of the books intuitively.

When I spoke to Alfre Woodard, who’s in “Wide Window,” she said, “I don’t get the world. What’s the world?” I said, “The world is stylized, but as an actor, just play the reality of the scene. The scene might be absurd, but you’re not absurd.” By hiring people like Alfre and Warburton and Neil Patrick Harris and K. Todd Freeman, it’s almost directing by casting. By casting Neil, you are 80 percent done with directing. By casting K. Todd, you’re 80 percent done.

You worked with Malina Weissman on Nine Lives. How do you decide on her and Louis Hynes to play Violet and Klaus?

During Nine Lives, I already knew Malina was who I wanted. I started to encourage her to read the books even while we were filming Nine Lives. Louis was very, very late in the process. He flew in from London on our last day of callbacks. In this case, a woman named Ronna Kress, who’s the casting director, looked at hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of auditions, many done by her, many sent in from Australia, England, New Orleans. Finally, on the last day we were casting, we brought in various people who had auditioned for me before or who had auditioned on tape several times. Louis flew in from England. It’s doubly hard for him because he’s British with a British accent.

I had no idea he was doing an accent.

We got very lucky with both of them. We also took a chance with Presley Smith, who plays Sunny. Normally, you’d shoot with twins in those situations, but Presley was so adorable, more so than the other twins we looked at, that we decided we’d take a chance and go with a singular baby.

Was that hard to shoot around? I imagine you don’t get a ton of time with the baby.

There’s a lot of rules about how often the baby can be on the set. It’s very risky to go with a single baby, but it was the right choice because she’s adorable.

The series feels a little bit like projects you worked on like Addams Family or Pushing Daisies, and a little Wes Anderson–like. Did you have any specific references in mind while you were shooting?

To tell you the truth, every time I read that A Series of Unfortunate Events looks like Wes Anderson and Tim Burton got together and did a show, I keep thinking, “I don’t know … looks like I did a show.” To me, it looks like what I’ve done, whether it’s Raising Arizona or Pushing Daisies or The Addams Family. I have a very specific visual style. We also hired one of the great production designers in the world, Bo Welch, who I did the three Men in Black with and the The Tick and Wild, Wild West. Bo loves to stylize as much as I do. We had a brilliant cinematographer and the only nice person to ever come from Montreal. He has a perfect name for a cinematographer, which is Bernard Couture.

I would say Raising Arizona is as much the influence as anything else. When I started as a cinematographer with the Coen Brothers on Blood Simple and Raising Arizona, I always felt like the camera was another character on the show. The lenses and camera and camera movement can be funny or emotional or scary or banal. I think that a lot of directors don’t necessarily use the camera as a character so much as a recording device.

What were the specific challenges in adapting from the book to the screen?

One, how do you show the violence? And two, in the book, the kids can sort of stand around and not grab his beard and say, “Schmuck! That’s Count Olaf!” But visually, if you see them in the same frame and they’re standing there, they’re passive. One of the things that Netflix and I and Daniel worked very hard on was to make the kids more active than they were in the books so that you didn’t get frustrated with them. The violence thing was really interesting, because there’s this scene where Olaf slaps Klaus at the dinner table. I wanted that to be quite violent, and surprisingly so. Not in a bloody way or a gory way, but because up until then, Olaf is such a buffoon. I think you have to make the audience understand he’s also an actual, real threat, because if there’s no threat then he’s just a comedy character and that doesn’t work.

The show also brings in the parents, played by Will Arnett and Cobie Smulders, more often than the books do. Was there any hesitation to change the story structure?

That was very much a Daniel creation. Netflix and I felt strongly that we needed some additional subplots and additional intrigue and mystery. I love that all the book readers are going to be furious and wondering, “What have we done?” I love that because it was Daniel’s idea and Daniel’s execution on the page, no one can say, “Daniel Handler would never have let this happen.” I think also that Will Arnett, who I’ve worked with many times before on RV and on Men in Black III, and Cobie, who I’ve never worked with before but was Neil Patrick Harris’s suggestion, are so perfect tonally. Again, it’s directing through casting. They’re suave and cool and mysterious. We’re trying to do more of that in the second season, which we haven’t been picked up for, but Netflix has paid for the scripts to be written in case it is picked up. So we’re going to do more of that intrigue as well.

Do you think the movie could have been made the right way if Netflix didn’t come along?

Yes, to be honest with you, yes. No one’s as good as Netflix, but I think it could’ve been made as a movie. If it had been successful, we’d be on movie number five now. I felt, tonally, it’s not what I would’ve wanted to do. I’m not saying it’s a good or bad movie, it’s just tonally not what I would have done with it. By the way, I don’t think I ever would have succeeded at that studio at that time, so I’m glad I got fired.

This interview has been edited and condensed.
====End Article====

====Article #29====
*TITLE: Hundreds of Yemenis with US visas stranded in Djibouti
*URL: http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/02/01/hundreds-yemenis-with-us-visas-stranded-in-djibouti.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Hundreds of Yemenis with U.S. visas are stranded in the tiny African state of Djibouti because of President Donald Trump's ban on entry for citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries, an American lawyer there said Wednesday.

"These are all children, parents and the spouses of U.S. citizens," lawyer Julie Goldberg told The Associated Press, emphasizing that those stranded are not refugees. They received visas last week, she said.

More than half of the 200-plus Yemenis are children, including a 3-year-old whose parents are permanent residents in the U.S. and has never seen her father in person, said Goldberg, an immigration lawyer.

She has obtained a court order dated Tuesday from the U.S. District Court in California's central district instructing the U.S. government to not enforce Trump's executive order and allow the Yemenis to fly to the United States.

The court order calls on the U.S. government to not cancel "validly obtained and issued immigrant visas" and to return passports containing those visas so people can travel to the U.S.

Goldberg is now seeking an airline that will comply with the court order.

"It's super frustrating," she said of the Yemenis' plight. "They're running out of money. Djibouti is very expensive. They can't go back to Yemen, they would be killed."

Yemen has been engulfed in conflict since 2014. A Saudi-led coalition, backed by the United States, has been carrying out an air campaign against Iranian-backed Houthi rebels for nearly two years. Djibouti and Yemen lie on opposite sides of the narrow Bab al-Mandab — Arabic for "the gates of grief" — straits at the mouth of the Red Sea.

Mohamed Mosleh Jeran is one of the Yemenis waiting in Djibouti. After his family's home was blown up in Yemen's conflict, he and his wife and two young children spent two years in Djibouti. Last month, the younger son died during what should have been a routine surgery. On Thursday, the family received their U.S. visas and looked forward to joining Jeran's father, a U.S. citizen, in New York City. Jeran has been accepted to the University of Toledo to begin a masters' program, said Goldberg.

But on Saturday, they were turned away at the Turkish Airlines check-in counter, Goldberg said. A spokesman for the airline did not respond to a call for comment Wednesday.

"Finally I am leaving Djibouti, but in my heart I was upset, I lost one of my kids," Jeran recalled to the AP. "But what can you do. This is life. I was happy my wife and son were leaving Djibouti, finally." But when they were turned away, "my wife, she was like a child, crying, my son, too.'"

In the United States, Esam Molhi and his wife, both green card holders, now fear leaving for Djibouti to reunite with their 3-year-old daughter because Trump's order might keep them from returning home. The girl was born in Yemen, and the U.S. Embassy there refused to let her fly with her mother to join Molhi in the U.S., Goldberg said. The family has been pursuing a U.S. visa for her since then.

The child is staying in a rented room in Djibouti with her Yemeni grandfather, Molhi told the AP from his home in San Francisco. He has not yet seen her in person, and his wife has not seen her since she was a month and a half old, said Molhi, who works as an Uber driver.

The U.S. Embassy in Djibouti has posted an urgent notice online telling people, including those with dual nationalities, from the seven countries affected — Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — to not schedule visa appointments or even attend existing visa appointments.

___

Associated Press writer Suzan Fraser in Ankara, Turkey contributed.
====End Article====

====Article #30====
*TITLE: Read the Letter Former EPA Employees Sent the Senate Explaining Why Pruitt Isn’t Qualified
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2017/02/06/read_the_letter_former_epa_employees_sent_the_senate_explaining_why_pruitt.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Zach Gibson/AFP/Getty Images

In a letter sent to the Senate on Monday morning, 447 former Environmental Protection Agency officials signed their names to a statement urging the rejection of Trump’s pick to head the agency, former Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, whose nomination is set to come up for a vote this week. The full letter is published below.

The letter, coordinated by the Environmental Integrity Project, a nonprofit founded by former EPA officials in 2002, was addressed to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the U.S. Senate. It was sent to all senators.

Advertisement



The objections to Pruitt will be familiar to those who have been tracking the furor surrounding his nomination and subsequent confirmation hearings. As Oklahoma attorney general, Pruitt shut down his office’s Environmental Protection Unit and launched several lawsuits aimed at overturning a number of EPA regulations.

Last week, Democrats on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee staged a boycott to try to prevent a committee vote on Pruitt. They said they had strong objections to his environmental record and thought he had failed to provide adequate responses to committee questions. Committee rules state that at least two members of the minority party must be present for a quorum, but with the Democrats boycotting, Chairman John Barrasso, R-Wyo., suspended that rule, allowing Pruitt to pass the committee with votes from its 11 Republican members.* This moves Pruitt’s confirmation along to the full Senate, though that vote has not yet been scheduled.

The letter reiterates many of the complaints made by the Democrats on the committee. “Pruitt’s record and public statements strongly suggest that he does not agree with the underlying principles of our environmental laws,” the letter states. “Pruitt has shown no interest in enforcing environmental laws, a critically important function for EPA.”

The letter’s signatories include former staffers from nearly every level of the EPA hierarchy, from regional administrators to engineers, scientists, researchers, and attorneys, 90 percent of whom were long-term career employees, not political appointees. Many EPA career employees see their work as nonpartisan, essential, and widely beneficial to the country. The letter, which bills itself as being “not partisan” remarks that many of the former employees signed on worked under both Democratic and Republican administrations. At its heart, the letter takes issue with Pruitt’s seeming tendency to disregard both science and public health in favor of industrial interests.

The letter comes the same day as a report from Fusion that suggests Pruitt lied under oath during his confirmation hearing.

Read the full text of the letter below.
====End Article====

====Article #31====
*TITLE: Trump’s Unnerving Belief That the Judiciary’s Purpose Is to Stay Out of His Way
*URL: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2017/02/donald_trump_s_unnerving_belief_that_the_judiciary_should_stay_out_of_his.html
*AUTHORS: ['Dahlia Lithwick', 'Mark Joseph Stern']
*ARTICLE: Joe Raedle/Getty Images

On Friday, U.S. District Judge James Robart blocked significant portions of Donald Trump’s immigration executive order, a document that had been drafted with all the care of a seven-layer dip and rolled out with virtually no intra-agency coordination. After Robart’s ruling, the Department of Homeland Security stood down, halting efforts to turn away green-card and visa holders from seven Muslim-majority countries. As formerly banned travelers began to arrive, Trump had a Twitter tantrum. His first tweet was ominous: “The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!” The rhetoric quickly escalated to what looked like threats against the judge himself: “Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!”

What was Trump’s end game here? Initially, it seemed his tweets were an impetuous aberration that his allies would work to clean up. On the Sunday shows, some Republicans distanced themselves from Trump’s effort. Vice President Mike Pence, for one, asserted that a judge “certainly” has the right to halt Trump’s executive order. Even Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said that “it’s best to avoid criticizing judges individually.”

Advertisement



But not everyone agreed that there is something inherently wrong with running down judges who disagree with your constitutional views. On Fox News Sunday, Mike Huckabee used Robart’s decision to promote his own vision of checks and balances—to wit, that there are none, at least not when a Republican occupies the Oval Office. As Huckabee put it, “I think we have an executive branch that has emasculated itself by surrendering constantly to the idea that once the court says something, that’s it. It’s the law of the land, and when I hear that phrase, it’s the law of the land ’cause the court said it, I think, Did you guys pass ninth-grade civics for gosh sake? The court can’t make law. They cannot legislate.”

The executive branch is on the cusp of declaring its travel ban above the law.

What the hell is Huckabee talking about? Marbury v. Madison, in which the Supreme Court established judicial review, is more than two centuries old. “It is emphatically the province and duty of the Judicial Department to say what the law is,” the court said then. Conservatives certainly heeded Marbury’s command when President Barack Obama was in office. Remember a few short years ago, when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit determined that President Obama’s immigration executive order violated the Constitution. Back then, Judge Jerry Smith asked Justice Department lawyers whether the DOJ agreed that the judicial branch could indeed strike down an unconstitutional law. Smith went on to demand that the DOJ turn in an extra homework assignment addressing the question of “judicial review, as it relates to the specific statements of the president, in regard to Obamacare and to the authority of the federal courts to review in regard to the recent statements by the president.”

Get Slate in your inbox.

The correct answer, then and now, is that under Marbury, federal courts have the authority to invalidate government actions that run afoul of the U.S. Constitution. That’s why Washington state asked Robart to block Trump’s executive order, arguing that it violated immigrants’ due-process and equal-protection rights under the Fifth Amendment, as well as the First Amendment’s Establishment Clause. That’s why Robart forbade the government from implementing the travel ban. In halting the implementation of an order he deemed unconstitutional, Robart was fulfilling his constitutional duties as a judge.

But Huckabee doesn’t see it that way—and neither, it seems, does Donald Trump or Trump’s Justice Department. The government’s brief urging the 9th Circuit to lift Robart’s injunction questions whether the judiciary should have the power to review Trump’s order at all. Robart’s injunction, the brief states, “harms the public by thwarting enforcement of an Executive Order issued by the nation’s elected representative … and second-guesses the President’s national security judgment.” Later, the brief reiterates that “judicial second-guessing of the President’s national security determination in itself imposes substantial harm on the federal government and the nation at large.”

These passages are both puzzling and unnerving. It is literally the judiciary’s job to “second-guess” the government. That’s called judicial review—or, in terms even Huckabee’s ninth-grade civics class would understand, checks and balances. The argument that judicial review itself “imposes substantial harm” on the government and the nation is downright bizarre. It would seem to undermine the bedrock of Marbury, creating a new, diminished constitutional role for courts: Scrutinize the legality of government decisions, except when the government says you shouldn’t. (It’s worth noting that the Supreme Court has already considered and rejected government efforts to limit the court’s ability to hear constitutional claims in the realm of national security.)
====End Article====

====Article #32====
*TITLE: All Retailers Should Drop Ivanka Trump’s Clothing and Jewelry Lines
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/xx_factor/2017/02/06/all_retailers_should_drop_ivanka_trump_s_clothing_and_jewelry_lines.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Win McNamee/Getty Images

Last week, Racked reported that Nordstrom was dropping the Ivanka Trump clothing label from its physical and online stores. As of Friday, it looked like Neiman Marcus was following suit, pulling Ivanka Trump–branded jewelry from its website and at least one store.

Christina Cauterucci Christina Cauterucci is a Slate staff writer.



Though Nordstrom was the top target of Grab Your Wallet, a campaign that began in October to organize boycotts of companies affiliated with the Trump family, both retailers spun their inventory shifts in terms of business performance, not politics. “We’ve got thousands of brands … each year we cut about 10 percent and refresh our assortment with about the same amount,” a Nordstrom representative said to Racked. “In this case, based on the brand’s performance, we’ve decided not to buy it for this season.” In a statement, a Neiman Marcus spokesperson didn’t confirm that Ivanka’s line was out for good, but clarified that all the brand’s jewelry it carried was consigned—owned by the vendor but given shelf space in the store—and brand inventory gets regularly shaken up “based on productivity.”

Advertisement



Grab Your Wallet had Neiman Marcus on its boycott list for months, then dropped it when boycott participants noticed that Ivanka Trump jewelry was no longer on the site.* But it’s not hard to imagine that formerly indiscriminate jewelry consumers unaware of the boycott might still balk at the political implications of purchasing a bauble associated with a president who, among other things, has demonstrated no regard for democratic ideals. And Ivanka Trump’s products are intimately connected to her father’s presidency. Before Donald Trump took office, Ivanka used his campaign to promote her own fashion lines. She spoke at the 2016 Republican National Convention in a powder-pink sheath dress from her own brand; the next morning, she urged her Twitter followers to “shop Ivanka’s look from her #RNC speech,” sending them to a site where they could purchase the dress. She flaunted a conspicuous gold-and-diamond bangle on a Trump family 60 Minutes appearance soon after the election; the next day, a vice president from Ivanka’s company emailed journalists to promote sales of the bracelet, which happened to be from Ivanka’s own line.

It should be no surprise that the products Ivanka Trump sells are by turns boring and gaudy. If Donald Trump is, as Fran Lebowitz famously claimed, “a poor person’s idea of a rich person,” the Ivanka Trump brand sells a bland white-collar woman’s idea of a powerful lady boss who enjoys comfortably enclosed bits of fun like “a night out” and “date nights.” Ivanka Trump’s lines are incoherent, dull, dated, and largely manufactured outside the U.S. Department stores would be right to drop her products from their shelves even if she wasn’t essentially endorsing a white nationalist agenda on the world stage.

To head off any conflict-of-interest concerns, Ivanka resigned from her directorial and operational roles in her fashion brands when her father became president. But she hasn’t sold off the company; she still profits from its sales. This means that any company selling her goods—and any consumer buying them—is enriching a mitigating agent of a racist, authoritarian regime. And the success of Ivanka’s brand means more than immediate material wealth to the Trump family. Retailers that promote her products give her neutral, apolitical visibility. They give some measure of legitimacy and credibility to the family name, further enabling the overlap between national interests and the business interests of the president’s family. Ivanka herself has said that she chose not to call her company “Ivanka” because “there’s so much value in the Trump name … such a deep connection to luxury and success.” That way, “that product can be an entry point to our brand, a young woman who maybe buys a membership with her husband 10 years later at our golf course, or is staying at our hotels.” A tacky “imported” strappy sandal with an Ivanka Trump label is a gateway to a lifetime of disposable income channeled into the Trump family coffers.

It was this notion of enriching a family with a detestable ideology—plus a petition with more than 700,000 signatures—that convinced Macy’s to dump Donald Trump’s menswear line in 2015, after the then-candidate called Mexican immigrants drug dealers and rapists. “Macy's is a company that stands for diversity and inclusion,” a representative from the retailer said at the time. “We are disappointed and distressed by recent remarks about immigrants from Mexico … who have made so many valuable contributions to the success of our nation.”

But Macy’s still carries Ivanka Trump shoes, giving consumers reason to wonder how committed the company is to its social and political ideals. Ivanka, with her seeming intelligence and glamour, made Donald Trump more palatable to wary voters; her poise and business success were direct contributors to his ascent to incomprehensible power. She didn’t call immigrants rapists, but she quit her company so the man who did could be president. As long as companies profit from the Trump name, they’re more likely to act in ways that legitimize and advance the Trump presidency—hence the blanket boycott of stores that carry Ivanka’s goods. The president’s favorite daughter has benefited from the “luxury and success” connotations of the Trump name. Now that she’s helped mainstream its association with Muslim bans and press suppression, she should suffer the consequences.
====End Article====

====Article #33====
*TITLE: PolitiFact's Lie of the Year: 'A government takeover of health care'
*URL: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2010/dec/16/lie-year-government-takeover-health-care/
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: In the spring of 2009, a Republican strategist settled on a brilliant and powerful attack line for President Barack Obama's ambitious plan to overhaul America's health insurance system. Frank Luntz, a consultant famous for his phraseology, urged GOP leaders to call it a "government takeover."



"Takeovers are like coups," Luntz wrote in a 28-page memo. "They both lead to dictators and a loss of freedom."



The line stuck. By the time the health care bill was headed toward passage in early 2010, Obama and congressional Democrats had sanded down their program, dropping the "public option" concept that was derided as too much government intrusion. The law passed in March, with new regulations, but no government-run plan.



But as Republicans smelled serious opportunity in the midterm elections, they didn't let facts get in the way of a great punchline. And few in the press challenged their frequent assertion that under Obama, the government was going to take over the health care industry.



PolitiFact editors and reporters have chosen "government takeover of health care" as the 2010 Lie of the Year. Uttered by dozens of politicians and pundits, it played an important role in shaping public opinion about the health care plan and was a significant factor in the Democrats' shellacking in the November elections.



Readers of PolitiFact, the St. Petersburg Times' independent fact-checking website, also chose it as the year's most significant falsehood by an overwhelming margin. (Their second-place choice was Rep. Michele Bachmann's claim that Obama was going to spend $200 million a day on a trip to India, a falsity that still sprouts.)



By selecting "government takeover' as Lie of the Year, PolitiFact is not making a judgment on whether the health care law is good policy.



The phrase is simply not true.



Said Jonathan Oberlander, a professor of health policy at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill: "The label 'government takeover" has no basis in reality, but instead reflects a political dynamic where conservatives label any increase in government authority in health care as a 'takeover.' "



An inaccurate claim



"Government takeover" conjures a European approach where the government owns the hospitals and the doctors are public employees. But the law Congress passed, parts of which have already gone into effect, relies largely on the free market:



• Employers will continue to provide health insurance to the majority of Americans through private insurance companies.



• Contrary to the claim, more people will get private health coverage. The law sets up "exchanges" where private insurers will compete to provide coverage to people who don't have it.



• The government will not seize control of hospitals or nationalize doctors.



• The law does not include the public option, a government-run insurance plan that would have competed with private insurers.



• The law gives tax credits to people who have difficulty affording insurance, so they can buy their coverage from private providers on the exchange. But here too, the approach relies on a free market with regulations, not socialized medicine.



PolitiFact reporters have studied the 906-page bill and interviewed independent health care experts. We have concluded it is inaccurate to call the plan a government takeover because it relies largely on the existing system of health coverage provided by employers.



It's true that the law does significantly increase government regulation of health insurers. But it is, at its heart, a system that relies on private companies and the free market.



Republicans who maintain the Democratic plan is a government takeover say that characterization is justified because the plan increases federal regulation and will require Americans to buy health insurance.



But while those provisions are real, the majority of Americans will continue to get coverage from private insurers. And it will bring new business for the insurance industry: People who don"t currently have coverage will get it, for the most part, from private insurance companies.



Consider some analogies about strict government regulation. The Federal Aviation Administration imposes detailed rules on airlines. State laws require drivers to have car insurance. Regulators tell electric utilities what they can charge. Yet that heavy regulation is not described as a government takeover.



This year, PolitiFact analyzed five claims of a "government takeover of health care." Three were rated Pants on Fire, two were rated False.



'Can't do it in four words'



Other news organizations have also said the claim is false.



Slate said "the proposed health care reform does not take over the system in any sense.' In a New York Times economics blog, Princeton University professor Uwe Reinhardt, an expert in health care economics, said, "Yes, there would be a substantial government-mandated reorganization of this relatively small corner of the private health insurance market (that serves people who have been buying individual policies). But that hardly constitutes a government takeover of American health care."



FactCheck.org, an independent fact-checking group run by the University of Pennsylvania, has debunked it several times, calling it one of the "whoppers" about health care and saying the reform plan is neither "government-run" nor a "government takeover."



We asked incoming House Speaker John Boehner's office why Republican leaders repeat the phrase when it has repeatedly been shown to be incorrect. Michael Steel, Boehner's spokesman, replied, "We believe that the job-killing ObamaCare law will result in a government takeover of health care. That's why we have pledged to repeal it, and replace it with common-sense reforms that actually lower costs.”



Analysts say health care reform is such a complicated topic that it often cannot be summarized in snappy talking points.



"If you're going to tell the truth about something as complicated as health care and health care reform, you probably need at least four sentences," said Maggie Mahar, author of Money-Driven Medicine: The Real Reason Health Care Costs So Much. "You can"t do it in four words."



Mahar said the GOP simplification distorted the truth about the plan. "Doctors will not be working for the government. Hospitals will not be owned by the government," she said. "That's what a government takeover of health care would mean, and that's not at all what we"re doing."



How the line was used



If you followed the health care debate or the midterm election – even casually – it's likely you heard "government takeover" many times.



PolitiFact sought to count how often the phrase was used in 2010 but found an accurate tally was unfeasible because it had been repeated so frequently in so many places. It was used hundreds of times during the debate over the bill and then revived during the fall campaign. A few numbers:



• The phrase appears more than 90 times on Boehner's website, GOPLeader.gov.



• It was mentioned eight times in the 48-page Republican campaign platform "A Pledge to America" as part of their plan to "repeal and replace the government takeover of health care."



• The Republican National Committee's website mentions a government takeover of health care more than 200 times.



Conservative groups and tea party organizations joined the chorus. It was used by FreedomWorks, the Heritage Foundation and the Cato Institute.



The phrase proliferated in the media even after Democrats dropped the public option. In 2010 alone, "government takeover” was mentioned 28 times in the Washington Post, 77 times in Politico and 79 times on CNN. A review of TV transcripts showed "government takeover" was primarily used as a catchy sound bite, not for discussions of policy details.



In most transcripts we examined, Republican leaders used the phrase without being challenged by interviewers. For example, during Boehner's Jan. 31 appearance on Meet the Press, Boehner said it five times. But not once was he challenged about it.



In rare cases when the point was questioned, the GOP leader would recite various regulations found in the bill and insist that they constituted a takeover. But such followups were rare.



An effective phrase



Politicians and officials in the health care industry have been warning about a "government takeover" for decades.



The phrase became widely used in the early 1990s when President Bill Clinton was trying to pass health care legislation. Then, as today, Democrats tried to debunk the popular Republican refrain.



When Obama proposed his health plan in the spring of 2009, Luntz, a Republican strategist famous for his research on effective phrases, met with focus groups to determine which messages would work best for the Republicans. He did not respond to calls and e-mails from PolitiFact asking him to discuss the phrase.



The 28-page memo he wrote after those sessions, "The Language of Healthcare 2009," provides a rare glimpse into the art of finding words and phrases that strike a responsive chord with voters.



The memo begins with "The 10 Rules for Stopping the 'Washington Takeover' of Healthcare.” Rule No. 4 says people "are deathly afraid that a government takeover will lower their quality of care – so they are extremely receptive to the anti-Washington approach. It's not an economic issue. It's a bureaucratic issue."



The memo is about salesmanship, not substance. It doesn't address whether the lines are accurate. It just says they are effective and that Republicans should use them. Indeed, facing a Democratic plan that actually relied on the free market to try to bring down costs, Luntz recommended sidestepping that inconvenient fact:



"The arguments against the Democrats' healthcare plan must center around politicians, bureaucrats and Washington ... not the free market, tax incentives or competition."



Democrats tried to combat the barrage of charges about a government takeover. The White House and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi repeatedly put out statements, but they were drowned out by a disciplined GOP that used the phrase over and over.



Democrats could never agree on their own phrases and were all over the map in their responses, said Howard Dean, former head of the Democratic National Committee.



"It was uncoordinated. Everyone had their own idea," Dean said in an interview with PolitiFact.



"The Democrats are atrocious at messaging," he said. "They've gotten worse since I left, not better. It's just appalling. First of all, you don"t play defense when you"re doing messaging, you play offense. The Republicans have learned this well."



Dean grudgingly admires the Republican wordsmith. "Frank Luntz has it right, he just works for the wrong side. You give very simple catch phrases that encapsulate the philosophy of the bill."



A responsive chord



By March of this year, when Obama signed the bill into law, 53 percent of respondents in a Bloomberg poll said they agreed that "the current proposal to overhaul health care amounts to a government takeover.”



Exit polls showed the economy was the top issue for voters in the November election, but analysts said the drumbeat about the "government takeover" during the campaign helped cement the advantage for the Republicans.



Rep. Earl Blumenauer, an Oregon Democrat whose provision for Medicare end-of-life care was distorted into the charge of "death panels" (last year's Lie of the Year), said the Republicans' success with the phrase was a matter of repetition.



"There was a uniformity of Republican messaging that was disconnected from facts," Blumenauer said. "The sheer discipline . . . was breathtaking."

Read more coverage of PolitiFact's Lie of the Year, including complete results from our readers' poll, reader comments and extended excerpts of PolitiFact's interview with Howard Dean.
====End Article====

====Article #34====
*TITLE: Elizabeth Warren Just Declared War on Another Shady Financial Services Practice
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2015/10/27/elizabeth_warren_report_attacks_annuities_kickbacks_another_shady_financial.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images

Tuesday brings us yet another skirmish in the ongoing war between Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren and the U.S. financial services industry. The latest front? Annuities.

Helaine Olen Helaine Olen is a columnist for Slate and co-author of The Index Card. She is the host of the Slate Academy series the United States of Debt.

Chances are good that if you’re over the age of 40—and most certainly if you’re older than 50—you’ve been pitched an annuity, or what the insurance industry sometimes terms “guaranteed lifetime income” or “income for life.” You probably received a letter in your mailbox or inbox, suggesting you attend a free meal at someplace like Maggiano’s Little Italy to learn about an exciting “insurance sales presentation” that can solve all your financial woes. That’s pretty much how it goes. My husband once received one that claimed it could help us pay for everything from our mortgage to our children’s college tuition bills, not to mention our day-to-day spending in retirement.

Advertisement



That’s the annuity, which promises its purchasers a guaranteed lifetime income in exchange for a lump sum payment. Is it worth it?

Here’s what you almost certainly didn’t hear as you nibbled your chicken and spinach manicotti at Maggiano’s: that the solution being promoted has the potential to solve the seller’s financial woes more than your own, especially if their woes involve expensive vacations to places like five-star Caribbean resorts.

Get Slate in your inbox.

Annuities are the subject of a report released Tuesday by Warren’s office, the culmination of an inquiry she began last April, asking 15 of the nation’s largest insurers, including Allianz, Met Life, and AIG, to disclose what they offered insurance brokers in exchange for selling their wares to consumers, a practice generally known to most of us as kickbacks.

The problem is obvious. These incentives encourage less-than-ethical behavior, situations where the annuity is sold to a customer whom it may not help. And, yes, these perks are perfectly legal, so legal they’re a long-standing industry practice.

Advertisement



Think of it this way: You get a free Italian meal, so the broker can hopefully receive many, many free meals in places like Atlantis in the Bahamas, the Ritz-Carlton in Aruba, or the Four Seasons Resort in Punta Mita, Mexico. Warren discovered that of the 15 insurers her office queried last spring, 13 were either providing these gimmes to independent insurance brokers directly or doing it through a middleman. The loophole that permits this? Companies disclose in their sales brochures that they offer their salespeople “non-cash compensation” including “entertainment and travel expenses.” Not only is the language bland, it’s buried beyond buried. One company put the information on page 70 of its annuity sales prospectus. Another placed it on page 135. A third—Prudential—was relatively responsible, only requiring its prospective customers to read to page 55 to get to the less-than-adequate conflict-of-interest information.

As I’ve written before, most consumers believe anyone they seek out for financial advice has a legal duty to act in their best interests, something called the fiduciary standard. This is rarely true. Depending on how he is licensed and credentialed, a financial adviser (a term that means nothing in any legal sense) can put his own financial interests ahead of his clients’, as long as what he recommends is considered “suitable,” a standard that is not exactly hard to meet.

The Obama administration would like to end this, at least when it comes to individual retirement accounts. It estimates that allowing financial advice-givers to put their clients’ needs second is costing consumers $17 billion annually on their retirement investments alone. Warren is a leading champion of the Obama administration’s attempt to expand the fiduciary standard so it covers more interactions between consumers and financial advisers, and her attack on the sales practices of the annuities industry is her latest volley.

Annuity sales—which totaled $235 billion last year—are a particularly scammy area. They are a relentlessly confusing “product,” as the financial services industry likes to call its wares, and span everything from a simple exchange of cash for lifetime payments to complicated indexed and variable annuities, where gains are pegged (though capped!) to the performance of the stock market.

Advertisement



Aggressive salespeople—often seeking the excellent commissions the insurance companies pay, not to mention the freebies referenced by Warren’s report—all too frequently push them on almost anyone who is breathing, and that includes rather elderly people who will almost certainly lose money on the deal.

The industry pushback to the administration’s efforts to put a stop to all this has been fierce, with many claiming that when it comes to small investors, they literally can’t afford to give advice if they need to put their customers’ interests ahead of their own. This viewpoint has been championed by numerous members of Congress, both Republican and Democrat, who are, shall we say, friendly with the financial services industry, especially come fundraising time.

Needless to say, when the financial services industry says it’s simply acting on behalf of ma and pa investor, it doesn’t mention the hotels and vacations and the iPads, the TAG Heuer watches, the first-class airline tickets, the theater tickets, the sports memorabilia, the … well, you get the idea. There are lots of ways to make money in the financial services industry, and not all of them involve cash. And many of them put consumers like you at a disadvantage.
====End Article====

====Article #35====
*TITLE: A Dog's Purpose: PETA calls for boycott over video showing alleged abuse
*URL: http://ew.com/movies/2017/01/18/dogs-purpose-peta-boycott-video-alleged-abuse/
*AUTHORS: ['Jodi Guglielmi']
*ARTICLE: This article originally appeared on PEOPLE.com.

The filmmakers behind A Dog’s Purpose have come under fire after a video surfaced showing a trainer apparently forcing one of the film’s animals into turbulent waters.

In the video obtained by TMZ, a German Shepherd is seen clawing at a pool’s edge and trying to run away as a trainer attempts to force the dog into the rushing water. The site reports that the scene was shot for the movie in Winnipeg, Canada, in November 2015.

Off-camera, someone can be heard laughing at the dog’s resistance. “You just got to throw him in,” the person says.

The dog eventually got in the water, but almost immediately became submerged. While it’s unclear if that was part of the film, someone off camera begins yelling “Cut it!” as crew members race toward the animal.

The German Shepherd was one of at least five dogs used in the production, according to TMZ.

In a statement to TMZ, Amblin Partners and Universal Pictures said, “Fostering a safe environment and ensuring the ethical treatment of our animal actors was of the utmost importance to those involved in making this film and we will look into the circumstances surrounding this video.”

PETA has condemned the video, saying in a statement: “PETA is calling on dog lovers to boycott the film in order to send the message that dogs and other animals should be treated humanely, not as movie props.”

Based on the book by W. Bruce Cameron, A Dog’s Purpose, out Jan. 27, tells the soulful story of one dog’s journey to find the meaning of his own life through the lives of the humans he touches along the way.
====End Article====

====Article #36====
*TITLE: Remarks by President Trump at National Prayer Breakfast
*URL: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/02/02/remarks-president-trump-national-prayer-breakfast
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Washington Hilton

9:11 A.M. EST

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mark. So nice. (Applause.) Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. It’s a great honor to be here this morning. And so many faith leaders -- very, very important people to me -- from across our magnificent nation, and so many leaders from all across the globe.

Today we continue a tradition begun by President Eisenhower some 64 years ago. This gathering is a testament to the power of faith, and is one of the great customs of our nation, and I hope to be here seven more times with you. (Laughter and applause.)

I want very much to thank our co-chairs, Senator Bowzman and Senator Coons, and all of the congressional leadership -- they’re all over the place. We have a lot of very distinguished guests.

And we have one guest who was just sworn in last night -- Rex Tillerson, Secretary of State. (Applause.) Going to do a great job. Some people didn’t like Rex because he actually got along with leaders of the world. I said, no, you have to understand, that’s a good thing. (Laughter.) That’s a good thing, not a bad thing. He’s respected all over the world, and I think he’s going to go down as one of our great, great secretaries. We appreciate it. Thank you, thank you, Rex. (Applause.)

Thank you as well to Senate Chaplain Barry Black for his moving words. And I don't know, Chaplain, whether or not that’s an appointed position. Is that an appointed position? I don’t even know if you’re a Democrat or if you’re a Republican, but I’m appointing you for another year -- the hell with it. (Laughter and applause.) And I think it’s not even my appointment, it’s the Senate’s appointment, but we’ll talk to them. Your son is here. Your job is very, very secure, okay? (Laughter.) Thank you, Barry. Appreciate it very much.

I also want to thank my great friends, though, Roma. Where’s Roma? Beautiful Roma Downey. The voice of an angel. She’s got the voice -- every time I hear it, that voice is so beautiful. Everything is so beautiful about Roma, including her husband because he’s a special, special friend, Mark Burnett -- for the wonderful introduction. So true. So true. I said to the agent, I’m sorry. The only thing more -- I actually got on the phone and fired him myself because he said, you don’t want to do it, it’ll never work, it’ll never, ever work. You don’t want to do it. I said, listen -- but I really fired him after it became the number-one show. It became so successful, and he wanted a commission, and he didn’t want to do it. That’s what I really said. (Laughter.)

But we had tremendous success on "The Apprentice." And when I ran for President, I had to leave the show. That’s when I knew for sure I was doing it. And they hired a big, big movie star -- Arnold Schwarzenegger -– to take my place. And we know how that turned out. (Laughter.) The ratings went right down the tubes. It’s been a total disaster. And Mark will never, ever bet against Trump again. And I want to just pray for Arnold, if we can, for those ratings, okay? (Laughter.)

But we’ve had an amazing life together, the last 14, 15 years. And an outstanding man, and thank you very much for introducing me. Appreciate it. It’s a great honor. (Applause.)

I also want to thank my dear friend, Vice President Mike Pence, who has been incredible. (Applause.) And incredible wife, Karen. And every time I was in a little trouble with something, where they were questioning me, they’d say, but he picked Mike Pence -- (laughter) -- so he has to know what he’s doing. And it’s true, he’s been -- you know, on the scale of 0 to 10, I rate him a 12, okay? So I want to thank you. Thank you very much. Apprentice it. (Applause.)

But most importantly today, I want to thank the American people. Your faith and prayers have sustained me and inspired me through some very, very tough times. All around America, I have met amazing people whose words of worship and encouragement have been a constant source of strength. What I hear most often as I travel the country are five words that never, ever fail to touch my heart. That’s: “I am praying for you.” I hear it so often -- “I am praying for you, Mr. President.” (Applause.)

No one has inspired me more in my travels than the families of the United States military, men and women who have put their lives on the line every day for their country and their countrymen. I just came back yesterday from Dover Air Force Base to join the family of Chief William “Ryan” Owens, as America’s fallen hero was returned home. Very, very sad, but very, very beautiful. Very, very beautiful. His family was there. Incredible family, loved him so much. So devastated -- he was so devastated. But the ceremony was amazing. He died in defense of our nation. He gave his life in defense of our people. Our debt to him and our debt to his family is eternal and everlasting.

“Greater love hath no man than this: that a man lay down his life for his friends.” We will never forget the men and women who wear the uniform, believe me. (Applause.) Thank you. From generation to generation, their vigilance has kept our liberty alive. Our freedom is won by their sacrifice, and our security has been earned with their sweat and blood and tears. God has blessed this land to give us such incredible heroes and patriots. They are very, very special, and we are going to take care of them. (Applause.)

Our soldiers understand that what matters is not party or ideology or creed, but the bonds of loyalty that link us all together as one. America is a nation of believers. In towns all across our land, it’s plain to see what we easily forget -- so easily we forget this -- that the quality of our lives is not defined by our material success, but by our spiritual success. I will tell you that. And I tell you that from somebody that has had material success and knows tremendous numbers of people with great material success -- the most material success. Many of those people are very, very miserable, unhappy people. And I know a lot of people without that, but they have great families, they have great faith. They don’t have money -- at least not nearly to the extent -- and they’re happy. Those to me are the successful people, I have to tell you. (Applause.)

I was blessed to be raised in a churched home. My mother and father taught me that to whom much is given much is expected. I was sworn in on the very bible from which my mother would teach us as young children. And that faith lives on in my heart every single day.

The people in this room come from many, many backgrounds. You represent so many religions and so many views. But we are all united by our faith in our Creator and our firm knowledge that we are all equal in His eyes. We are not just flesh and bone and blood. We are human beings, with souls. Our Republic was formed on the basis that freedom is not a gift from government, but that freedom is a gift from God. (Applause.)



It was the great Thomas Jefferson who said, “The God who gave us life, gave us liberty.” Jefferson asked, “Can the liberties of a nation be secure when we have removed a conviction that these liberties are the gift of God?”

Among those freedoms is the right to worship according to our own beliefs. That is why I will get rid of, and totally destroy, the Johnson Amendment and allow our representatives of faith to speak freely and without fear of retribution. I will do that -- remember. (Applause.)

Freedom of religion is a sacred right, but it is also a right under threat all around us, and the world is under serious, serious threat in so many different ways. And I've never seen it so much and so openly as since I took the position of President. The world is in trouble, but we're going to straighten it out. Okay? That's what I do. I fix things. We're going to straighten it out. (Applause.) Believe me. When you hear about the tough phone calls I'm having, don’t worry about it. Just don’t worry about it. (Laughter.) They're tough. We have to be tough. It's time we're going to be a little tough, folks. We're taken advantage of by every nation in the world, virtually. It's not going to happen anymore. It's not going to happen anymore.

We have seen unimaginable violence carried out in the name of religion. Acts of wanton slaughter against religious minorities. Horrors on a scale that defy description. Terrorism is a fundamental threat to religious freedom. It must be stopped, and it will be stopped. It may not be pretty for a little while. It will be stopped. (Applause.)

We have seen -- and, by the way, General, as you know, James "Mad Dog" -- I shouldn’t say it in this room -- Mattis. Now, there's a reason they call him "Mad Dog Mattis" -- he never lost a battle. Always wins them and always wins them fast. He's our new Secretary of Defense who will be working with Rex. He's right now in South Korea, going to Japan, going to some other spots. And I'll tell you what, I've gotten to know him really well. He's the real deal. We have somebody who's the real deal working for us, and that's what we need. So, you watch. You just watch. (Applause.) Things will be different.

We have seen peace-loving Muslims brutalized, victimized, murdered and oppressed by ISIS killers. We have seen threats of extermination against the Jewish people. We have seen a campaign of ISIS and genocide against Christians, where they cut off heads. Not since the Middle Ages have we seen that. We haven’t seen that, the cutting off of heads. Now they cut off their heads, they drown people in steel cages. Haven’t seen this -- I haven’t seen this. Nobody has seen this for many, many years.

All nations have a moral obligation to speak out against such violence. All nations have a duty to work together to confront it and to confront it viciously, if we have to. So I want to express clearly today to the American people that my administration will do everything in its power to defend and protect religious liberty in our land. America must forever remain a tolerant society where all faiths are respected, and where all of our citizens can feel safe and secure. We have to feel safe and secure.

In recent days, we have begun to take necessary action to achieve that goal. Our nation has the most generous immigration system in the world. But these are those and there are those that would exploit that generosity to undermine the values that we hold so dear. We need security. There are those who would seek to enter our country for the purpose of spreading violence or oppressing other people based upon their faith or their lifestyle. Not right. We will not allow a beachhead of intolerance to spread in our nation. You look all over the world and you see what's happening.

So in the coming days, we will develop a system to help ensure that those admitted into our country fully embrace our values of religious and personal liberty, and that they reject any form of oppression and discrimination. We want people to come into our nation, but we want people to love us and to love our values -- not to hate us and to hate our values. We will be a safe country. We will be a free country. And we will be a country where all citizens can practice their beliefs without fear of hostility or fear of violence. America will flourish as long as our liberty and, in particular, our religious liberty is allowed to flourish. (Applause.)

America will succeed as long as our most vulnerable citizens -- and we have some that are so vulnerable -- have a path to success. And America will thrive as long as we continue to have faith in each other and faith in God. (Applause.)

That faith in God has inspired men and women to sacrifice for the needy, to deploy to wars overseas, and to lock arms at home, to ensure equal rights for every man, woman and child in our land. It's that faith that sent the pilgrims across the oceans, the pioneers across the plains, and the young people all across America to chase their dreams. They are chasing their dreams. We are going to bring those dreams back. As long as we have God, we are never, ever alone. Whether it's the soldier on the night watch or the single parent on the night shift, God will always give us solace and strength and comfort.

We need to carry on and to keep carrying on. For us here in Washington, we must never, ever stop asking God for the wisdom to serve the public according to his will. That's why -- (applause) -- thank you. That's why President Eisenhower and Senator Carlson had the wisdom to gather together 64 years ago to begin this truly great tradition. But that's not all they did together. Let me tell you the rest of the story. Just one year later, Senator Carlson was among the members of Congress to send to the President's desk a joint resolution that added "under God" to our Pledge of Allegiance. That's a great thing. (Applause.) Because that's what we are and that is what we will always be, and that is what our people want: one beautiful nation, under God.

Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.)

END

9:30 A.M. EST
====End Article====

====Article #37====
*TITLE: George Saunders Has Written the Best Book You’ll Read This Year
*URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/06/magazine/george-saunders-just-wrote-the-best-book-youll-read-this-year.html?_r=1&amp;amp;pagewanted=all&amp;amp;
*AUTHORS: ['Joel Lovell']
*ARTICLE: In a little sushi restaurant in Syracuse, George Saunders conceded that, sure, one reality was that he and I were a couple guys talking fiction and eating avocado salad and listening to Alanis Morissette coming from the speaker above our heads. Another was that we were walking corpses. We’d been on the subject of death for a while. A friend I loved very much died recently, and I was trying to describe the state I sometimes still found myself in — not quite of this world, but each day a little less removed — and how I knew it was a good thing, the re-entry, but I regretted it too, because it meant the dimming of a kind of awareness that doesn’t get lit up very much. I was having some trouble articulating it, but Saunders was right there, leaning in and encouraging. He has a bushy blond mustache and goatee going gray, and sometimes, when he’s listening intently, he can look a little stern, as if he just stepped out of a tent at Antietam. But then he starts talking and the eyebrows go up and it’s all Chicago vowels and twinkly Doug Henning eyes, and if you didn’t know that he was more or less universally regarded as a genius, you might peg him as the superfriendly host of a woodworking show on daytime public access.

“It would be so interesting if we could stay like that,” Saunders said, meaning: if we could conduct our lives with the kind of openness that sometimes comes with proximity to death. He described a flight from Chicago to Syracuse that he was on a little over 10 years ago. “We were flying along, and I’ve got a guilty pleasure — I’m reading Vanity Fair — and I’m on my way home. And suddenly there’s this crazy sound, like a minivan hit the side of the plane. And I thought, Uh, oh, I’m not even gonna look up. If I don’t look up from the magazine, it’s not happening. And then it happened again.”

Everyone starts screaming, the plane is making terrible metal-in-distress sounds. Black smoke — “black like in a Batman movie” — starts streaming out of the fresh-air nozzles overhead. They turn back toward O’Hare, “and there’s that grid of Chicago, and I’m seeing it coming up really fast.” The lights flicker, and the pilot comes on and tells everyone, with panic in his voice, to stay buckled. “And there’s this little 14-year-old boy next to me. He turns to me and says, ‘Sir, is this supposed to be happening?’

“And I remember thinking, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Just that one syllable, over and over. And also thinking, You could actually piss yourself. And the strongest thing was the sense of that seat right there.” He pointed toward the imaginary seat back in front of him. “I thought, Oh, yeah, this body. I’ve had it all this time, and that’s what’s going to do it. That right there.” He had assumed that if he was ever faced with death, he would “handle it with aplomb,” he would be present in the moment, he would make peace in the time he had left. “But I couldn’t even remember my own name,” he said. “I was so completely not present. I was just the word no.”

Eventually he managed to turn to the kid next to him and say that it was going to be O.K., “though I didn’t think so. And there was a woman across the aisle. And finally — it was like coming out of a deep freeze — I could just reach over, and I took her hand.” That’s how they remained for the next several minutes, waiting to die.

In the end, they didn’t crash into the Chicago streets or plunge into the freezing lake but made it safely to the runway, where all the emergency-response equipment was in place but not needed. It turned out, in a detail that could have been lifted from a George Saunders story, they all nearly died because the plane had flown into a flock of geese.

“For three or four days after that,” he said, “it was the most beautiful world. To have gotten back in it, you know? And I thought, If you could walk around like that all the time, to really have that awareness that it’s actually going to end. That’s the trick.”
====End Article====

====Article #38====
*TITLE: Pence says judge ‘certainly’ has the right to stop Trump’s travel ban
*URL: http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/02/06/pence-says-judge-certainly-has-the-right-to-stop-trumps-travel-ban/
*AUTHORS: ['Tré Goins-Phillips']
*ARTICLE: Vice President Mike Pence is taking a different approach from President Donald Trump to a Washington state judge’s nationwide restraining order on the White House’s temporary travel freeze.

Pence, in a pre-taped interview on ABC’s “This Week” that aired Sunday, told host George Stephanopoulos that Judge James Robart “certainly” has the right to halt Trump’s executive order. “That’s why the administration is complying with that order as we speak,” the vice president said.

Trump, however, took a less diplomatic route. In one of the president’s signature tweet storms over the weekend, Trump called Robart’s move a “terrible decision,” claiming that many “very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country” as a result.

What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017

Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017

Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017

The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017

Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017

I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017

Pence defended Trump’s brash criticism of the Washington judge, who was nominated in 2003 by former President George W. Bush and confirmed unanimously in a 99-0 vote by the Senate in 2004, saying the billionaire was just “speaking his mind.”

Robart issued the nationwide restraining order on Friday, immediately freezing Trump’s controversial immigration action, which instituted a 90-day freeze on entry into the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries and a 120-day halt of the refugee resettlement program.

The judge’s order restrains the Trump administration from enforcing portions of Section 3, which applies to the seven-country travel freeze, and Section 5, which applies to the refugee resettlement moratorium, of Trump’s executive action.

Section 3 calls for the suspension of “entry into the United States, as immigrants and nonimmigrants, of such persons for 90 days from the date of this order.” Section 5 places a 120-day freeze on the refugee resettlement program pending a review of the “application and adjudication process to determine what additional procedures should be taken to ensure that those approved for refugee admission do not pose a threat to the security and welfare of the United States.”

Robart’s restraining order takes particular issue with Section 5, paragraph (e), which calls for the prioritization of refugees who are members of a minority religion.

Both the Department of Homeland Security and the State Department have complied with Robart’s order.

“And we’ll go through the process in the courts to get a stay of that order, so that again, we can implement this action that is entirely focused on the safety and security of the American people,” Pence said.

A federal appeals court on Sunday denied the Justice Department’s request to restore Trump’s travel freeze.
====End Article====

====Article #39====
*TITLE: In his own words: Imam Hassan Guillet's address at Quebec City funeral for 3 mosque victims
*URL: http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/in-his-own-words-imam-hassan-guillet-s-address-at-quebec-city-funeral-for-3-mosque-victims-1.3966917
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Alexandre Bissonnette, 27, has been charged with six counts of first-degree murder and five counts of attempted murder following Sunday night's shooting. None of the allegations against him has been proven in court.

The following is a direct transcript of Imam Hassan Guillet's English address to the Quebec City convention centre during the funeral for three of the six victims of Sunday night's mosque shooting:

We are here to celebrate Khaled, Aboubaker, Abdelkrim, Azzedine, Mamadou, Ibrahima.

We are going to have a prayer for those who could not finish their prayers. We pray for them.

Those [who] didn't choose their place of birth.

I don't think anyone in this hall selected their place of birth. And no one on the face of this earth selected their place of birth.

But Khaled, Aboubaker, Abdelkrim, Azzedine, Mamadou and Ibrahima they selected the place they wanted to live in. They selected the society they wanted to be their society.

They selected with whom they wanted their children to grow. And it was Canada. It was Quebec. It was the city of Quebec in the same way they selected Quebec.

They chose Quebec to live in, and they chose the Canadian passport.

It is up to the society to choose them the same way they have chosen this society.

Quebec mosque victims, clockwise from left: Azzedine Soufiane, Mamadou Tanou Barry, Khaled Belkacemi, Aboubaker Thabti, Ibrahima Barry and Abdelkrim Hassane (CBC)

They had their dream to send their kids to school, to buy a house, to have a business and we have to continue their dreams. We have to continue their dreams the same way they extended their hands to the others. It is up to others to extend their hands toward them.

Now unfortunately, it is a little bit late. But not too late.

The society that could not protect them, the society that could not benefit from their generosity still has a chance. The hands that didn't shake the hands of Khaled or Aboubaker or Abdelkrim or Azzedine or Mamadou or Ibrahima, that society can shake the hands of their kids.

We have 17 orphans. We have six widows. We have five wounded.

'Alexandre, before being a killer he was a victim himself. Before planting his bullets in the heads of his victims, somebody planted ideas more dangerous than the bullets in his head.' - Imam Hassan Guillet

We ask Allah for them to get them out of the hospital as soon as possible.

Did I go through the complete list of victims? No.

There is one victim. None of us want talk about him.

But given my age, I have the courage to say it. This victim, his name is Alexandre Bissonnette.

Alexandre, before being a killer he was a victim himself. Before planting his bullets in the heads of his victims, somebody planted ideas more dangerous than the bullets in his head.

This little kid didn't wake up in the morning and say 'Hey guys instead of going to have a picnic or watching the Canadiens, I will go kill some people in the mosque.' It doesn't happen that way.

Day after day, week after week, month after month, certain politicians unfortunately, and certain reporters unfortunately, and certain media were poisoning our atmosphere.

We did not want to see it. We didn't want to see it because we love this country, we love this society. We wanted our to society to be perfect. We were like parents, their kids [are] smoking or taking drugs and your neighbour says that your kid was taking drugs, I don't believe it, my son is perfect.

We don't want to see it. And we didn't see it, and it happened.

Quebec imam says Alexandre Bissonnette is also a victim1:06

Actually here my friends in Quebec, you know a couple of months ago, a certain period of time ago, someone came and put a head of a pig in front of the mosque.

The [person] responsible for the mosque they said 'No, it was an isolated act.' Nobody is against us and we aren't against anybody. They acted very generously and I am proud of them and this is what it should be.

But there was a certain malaise. Let us face it. Alexandre Bissonnette didn't start from a vacuum. For political reasons, and what is happening the Middle East and unfortunately, for ignorance, a lot of things happened.

This guy was empoisoned. But we want Alexandre to be the last one to have a criminal act like that. We want to stop it. One of the definitions of madness is to do exactly the same thing and expect a different result.

If we do exactly the same thing, my friends, we will have exactly the same result. Are we happy with the result? Are we happy with six dead, five wounded, 17 orphans, six widows and a destroyed family which is the family of Alexandre Bissonnette and maybe his friends too?

We don't want that. So let us change. I am getting encouraged with what we have heard from our Prime Minister and Premier, from our mayor yesterday, from a lot of our leaders, I am very proud and I thank them, and I am not surprised.

But all I am saying, we should start changing words into actions. We should build on this tragedy.

God gave us a lemon, let's make lemonade out of that. Let's make lemonade. Let's build on this negative and have a positive.

Ilies Soufiane, 15-year-old son of victim Azzeddine Soufiane, is consoled during a ceremony for three of the six victims of the Quebec City mosque shooting Friday in Quebec City. (Paul Chiasson/CP)

Let's go from today to be a real society, united. The same way we are united today in our sorrow and in our pain, let us start today to be united in our dreams, our hopes and our plans for the future.

Let the future that our friends planned for their kids, let us build this future ourselves too. In this way we will respect their memory. Revenge will do nothing.

'We don't have enemies. We have some people who don't know us.' - Imam Hassan Guillet

Like I said in Arabic, our prophet was persecuted, thrown out of his town. He was alone. Eight years after that he came back to this town with 10,000 people.

Less than two years after that, when he did the last pilgrimages in life, he was accompanied with 120,000 people. From where did these 120,000 people come from in a period of 10 years?

Not from the planet Mars. Not from another universe. It was the same people who were his enemies. The people who wanted to kill him. The people who were persecuting him and his friends and his sympathizers.

Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau attend a funeral service for three of the six victims of the Quebec City mosque shooting at the Quebec City convention centre Friday. (Paul Chiasson/CP)

He transformed his enemies into his friends, into his followers. Now we don't have enemies. I repeat we don't have enemies. We have some people who don't know us. It should be easier to explain to these people who do not know us, it is easier to let them know who we are.

Mr. Trudeau let me address you, you have your immigration minister here. He is Muslim like me. Is he different than the others? I don't think so.

We are citizens like every other citizens. We have the same rights and we have the same obligations. We should build this country together.

In this way, we respect the memory of our dead. In this way, we take care of our orphans, in this way we will be good Muslims, we will be good Canadians, we will be good Quebecers.
====End Article====

====Article #40====
*TITLE: Arrest of leading Egyptian feminist Azza Soliman sparks anger
*URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/dec/07/womens-rights-activist-azza-soliman-arrested-in-egypt
*AUTHORS: ['Ruth Michaelson']
*ARTICLE: Human rights activists in Egypt have reacted angrily to the arrest of prominent women’s rights advocate Azza Soliman, saying it marked a “chilling escalation” of pressure on civil society organisations.

Soliman, the founder of the Centre for Egyptian Women’s Legal Assistance (CEWLA), is one of a number of activists, lawyers and journalists to have been prevented from leaving Egypt in the past month.

The rights lawyer and leading feminist said last week that she had been turned back on 19 November at Cairo airport. Soon after, Soliman discovered that her personal assets and those of her group had been frozen. On Wednesday, her foundation and a security source said she had been detained by police.

Who murdered Giulio Regeni? | Alexander Stille Read more

“The investigative judge has issued an arrest warrant against Azza Soliman,” CEWLA tweeted, adding that security forces had gone to Soliman’s house and taken her away to a Cairo police station.

There was no immediate comment from the interior ministry and it was not clear what charges, if any, Soliman was facing.

But the detention sparked immediate condemnation from Egyptian human rights activists, who say they are being subjected to a severe government clampdown targeting organisations accused of fomenting unrest during the 2011 uprising that ended Hosni Mubarak’s 30-year rule.

Several non-governmental organisations (NGOs), most involved in rights work, are embroiled in a long-running investigation, accused of receiving foreign funds to sow chaos. An Egyptian rights lawyer said Soliman’s arrest warrant had been issued by the judge who is presiding over that case.

“Why would they arrest her from her house?” asked Dalia Abdel-Hamid, a fellow women’s rights activist and researcher at the Cairo-based Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights.

“It’s so humiliating, not just for her but for all civil society and human rights activists.”

Abdel-Hamid said that in other arrests in connection with Egypt’s “foreign funding case” – the targeting of civil society organisations accused by the state of receiving “illegal” foreign funding – the accused were not taken from their homes.

“This is an aggressive step up from what has happened previously,” she added. “We don’t know what this will mean or what the repercussions of this will be.”

Soliman previously stood trial after witnessing the murder of socialist protester Shaimaa al-Sabbagh by Egyptian police in January 2015. She and 16 others were later acquitted.

Mohamed Lotfy, of the Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms, said Soliman’s arrest represented “a chilling escalation against independent civil society in Egypt”.

“Azza’s arrest unmasks the government’s animosity not just to human rights defenders in general, but also to the independent Egyptian feminist movement,” he said.

Najia Bounaim, deputy campaigns director at Amnesty International’s Tunis office, said the arrest was “the latest chilling example of the Egyptian authorities’ systematic persecution of independent human rights defenders.”

“We believe she has been arrested for her legitimate human rights work and must be released immediately and unconditionally,” she said. “Her arrest marks an escalation in the use of a string of repressive tactics designed to intimidate her and other critical voices into silence.

“There is a real risk that her arrest could signal an accelerating crackdown with many other human rights defenders subject to the same inquiry facing the risk of imminent arrest.”

Jailed Egyptian novelist Ahmed Naji's appeal delayed Read more

In September, a court froze the assets of five prominent human rights activists and three NGOs, paving the way for criminal proceedings that could lead to life sentences.

NGOs say they have felt exposed since late 2011, when authorities raided 17 pro-democracy and rights groups. In 2013, a court ordered the closure of several foreign groups, including the US-based Freedom House, and gave jail sentences to 43 NGO staff including 15 Americans who fled.

A case against dozens of Egyptian NGOs and lawyers was never closed but remained largely dormant until this year.

In November, parliament passed a law to regulate NGOs, which human rights groups say in effect bans their work and makes it harder for development groups and charities to operate.

The bill bans domestic and foreign groups from engaging in political activities or anything that harms national security, public order, public morals or public health – a means, critics say, to stifle dissent.

Reuters contributed to this report
====End Article====

====Article #41====
*TITLE: The 12-Year-Old Yemeni Girl Who Was Stranded in Djibouti Is Now a U.S. Citizen
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2017/02/04/yemeni_girl_who_was_stranded_in_djibouti_about_to_become_a_u_s_citizen.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Stephanie Keith/Getty Images

On Saturday afternoon in Djibouti, Ahmed Ali and his 12-year-old daughter Eman will board a flight to Istanbul. That’s the first leg of a journey that will bring Ahmed and Eman to California, where they’ll be reunited with the family they thought they might not see for a very long time.

Josh Levin Josh Levin is Slate’s executive editor.

Last Sunday, I wrote about the six-year struggle to bring Eman to the United States, a process that had culminated with her being granted an immigrant visa. After the issuance of Donald Trump’s executive order, however, that visa was not enough to allow the Yemeni-born child to get on an airplane to the U.S. That left Ahmed Ali and his daughter stranded in Djibouti, a country where they had no friends or family. “It’s not fair,” he told me.

Advertisement



The Ali family’s attorney Katy Lewis has been working every possible angle to get Eman on a flight to California. Her attempts to get a travel letter for the 12-year-old via the Department of State or Customs and Border Protection didn’t work, and the class-action suit in which Eman and Ahmed Ali are named plaintiffs is still pending. But on Friday night, Judge James Robart of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington ordered a nationwide stay on all of the travel restrictions mandated by Trump’s executive order. After Robart’s ruling, Lewis reached out to CBP, which confirmed that Ahmed and Eman Ali would be permitted to fly out of Djibouti.

“Until she’s here in the U.S., on U.S. soil, I won’t be 100 percent convinced, but I feel pretty good based on our communications with CBP that she’ll be allowed to board the flight,” Lewis told me on Friday.

The attorney says Ahmed Ali is “cautiously optimistic” that he’ll be back in the United States soon, though he’s understandably worried that he’ll have a problem at the airport. If everything goes according to plan, Ali and his daughter will arrive at San Francisco International Airport on Sunday afternoon. Eman Ali’s first trip to the U.S. will be a special one. Since she has an immigrant visa and is a minor with two U.S. citizen parents, she will become a citizen herself as soon as she’s admitted to the United States.

Update, Feb. 6, 2017, at 2:20 a.m.: Eman and Ahmed Ali made it to San Francisco International Airport on Sunday afternoon, where they were greeted by their relieved family. The 12-year-old Eman is now an American citizen.

12 year old Yemeni Eman Ali reunited with her family in California after the suspension of Trump's Muslim Ban. (Photo: Reuters/Kate Munsch) pic.twitter.com/TqgoLqeOnU — Abubakr Al-Shamahi (@abubakrabdullah) February 6, 2017

BREAKING: Eman Ali, 12, reunites with her family in San Francisco after getting stranded in Trump's #travelban, via @FaridaJhabvala pic.twitter.com/fkO8kxm9bu — KQED News (@KQEDnews) February 6, 2017
====End Article====

====Article #42====
*TITLE: Kanye West Now Anti-Trump, Deletes All Trump Tweets
*URL: http://www.tmz.com/2017/02/06/kanye-west-donald-trump-tweets/
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: Kanye West Deletes All Trump Tweets I'm Not with Him Anymore

EXCLUSIVE

Kanye West has scrubbed his Twitter account of all things Trump, and it's because he's super unhappy with the president's performance over his first 2 weeks in office.

Kanye had tweeted about Trump in a positive light after the election. In December, the day he met with Trump in NYC, he wrote, "I feel it is important to have a direct line of communication with our future President if we truly want change."

Kanye also wrote about issues on which he felt he could influence Trump, writing, "These issues include bullying, supporting teachers, modernizing curriculums, and violence in Chicago."

Kanye's decision to remove the tweets were all his. The "Muslim ban" and other actions were the catalyst for his decision.
====End Article====

====Article #43====
*TITLE: Slate's terms of service.
*URL: http://slate.com/articles/briefing/slate_user_agreement_and_privacy_policy/2012/12/slate_s_terms_of_service.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: 1. This is a Legal Agreement

This Terms of Service (“Terms”) is a legal agreement between you and the Slate Group LLC (“Slate”, “we” or “us”) governing your access to and use of the websites and online services that Slate operates and that link to these Terms, including, without limitation, the Slate Content and User Content and any Subscription Services (collectively, the “Services”). Please read the Terms carefully before using the Services. Do not use the Services if you do not accept the Terms. Slate may change or modify the Services or the Terms at any time. Such changes, revisions, or modifications shall be effective immediately upon being posted in relation to the Services. You represent that you are at least 18 years old, and that all information you submit is correct.

THESE TERMS CONTAIN DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES (SECTION 10), DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY AND AN EXCLUSIVE REMEDY (SECTION 11), AS WELL AS INFORMATION ABOUT CERTAIN LIMITATIONS ON YOUR ABILITY TO BRING A CLAIM AGAINST US (SECTION 16).

Advertisement



2. Prohibited Content and Activities

You may not access or use, or attempt to access or use, the Services to take any action that could harm us or any person or entity (a “person”), interfere with the operation of the Services, or use the Services in a manner that violates any and all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations and treaties. For example, and without limitation, you may not:

Impersonate any person or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your credentials, affiliation with any person, or the origin of any information you provide, or permit or otherwise enable unauthorized users to access and/or use the Service;

Sell, copy, duplicate, rent, lease, loan, distribute, transfer, or sublicense the Service, or otherwise permit any third party to use or have access to the Service for any purpose (except as expressly permitted by us in writing) or decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, create a derivative work of, display in human readable form, attempt to discover any source code, or otherwise use any software that enables or comprises any part of the Service ;Exploit the Service or collect any data incorporated in the Service in any automated manner through the use of bots, metaspiders, crawlers or any other automated means;

Use the Service to export software or data in violation of applicable U.S. laws or regulations;

Obtain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems, materials, information or any services available on or through the Services;

Use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activity conducted on the Services or attempt to probe, scan, test the vulnerability of, or breach the security of any system, device or network;

Circumvent, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile, disassemble, decrypt, or otherwise alter or interfere with (or attempt, encourage, or support anyone else’s attempt to engage in such activities) any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Services. The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g., password guessing programs, cracking tools or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited;

Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our network or infrastructure;

Upload or otherwise transmit any communication, software, or material that contains a virus or is otherwise harmful to Slate’s or its users’ computers, devices or systems; or

Engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any person from using or enjoying the Services, or that, in our sole judgment, exposes us or any of our affiliates, users or any other third party to any liability, damages, or detriment of any type.

Violations of system or network security and certain other conduct may result in civil or criminal liability. We may investigate and work with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the Terms. We may suspend or terminate your access to the Services for any or no reason at any time without notice.

Advertisement



3. User Submissions

Certain areas of the Services may enable you to post comments, send emails, or otherwise provide information to Slate or other persons. You remain fully responsible for the materials that you provide to us or others, including without limitation information, audio recordings, photographs, documents, or other materials submitted, posted, uploaded, sent or otherwise transmitted to us or others (“User Content”). You agree not to provide User Content that:

Infringes on, misappropriates or otherwise violates the copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right of any person;

Is false, misleading, libelous, slanderous, defamatory, obscene, abusive, hateful, or sexually-explicit;

Violates a person’s right to privacy or publicity;

Contains advertising or a solicitation of any kind;

Degrades others on the basis of gender, race, class, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual preference, orientation or identity, disability, or other classification;

Contains epithets or other language or material intended to intimidate or to incite violence; or

Violates any applicable local, state, national, or international law, or advocates illegal activity.

If the Services permit you to post or publish User Content, you may only post User Content that is original and that you have the right to post. By submitting User Content, you grant us a royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, fully sub-licensable, transferable, license to publish, reproduce, distribute, display, perform, edit, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works, make, sell, offer for sale, export, and otherwise use and exploit your User Content (or any portion thereof) in any way that we want and in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. You hereby waive any moral rights you may have in your User Content. You represent that you have obtained all necessary permissions from any person identified in or implicated by your submission (including those shown in photographic content), and, in the case of minors, also from their parents or legal guardians, as appropriate.

Advertisement



We are not obligated to publish or use your User Content. Slate is not in any manner endorsing any User Content or Slate Content that it may publish or post on the Services and cannot, and will not, vouch for its reliability. Slate is not responsible for any User Content or Slate Content and has no duty to monitor the User Content or Slate Content posted on the Services. You use any information contained in User Content or Slate Content at your own risk. Slate and its designees have the right, in their sole discretion, to monitor, review, edit, remove, delete, disable, refuse, restrict, or terminate access to your User Content or the Services (in whole or in part) at any time, without prior notice and in our sole discretion, for any or no reason. The obligations that you have to us under these Terms shall survive termination of the Services, any use by you of the Services, any User Content on the Services, or these Terms. You will not continue to post any User Content that Slate has previously advised you not to post.

If you are under the age of 13, you may not submit any User Content to us. If you are under the age of 18 but at least 13 years of age, you may submit User Content only with the permission of, and under the supervision of, a parent or legal guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian agreeing to these rules for the benefit of an individual between the ages of 13 and 18, please be advised that you are fully responsible for his or her User Content and any legal liability that he or she may incur. Please see the “Children’s Privacy” section of our Privacy Policy, available here, for more information. Please contact us at slateoffice@slate.com if you have any concerns about your child or ward’s use of the Services.

4. Subscription Services

Subscription Services. Certain Services, such as Slate Plus, may be available only through creation of a subscription account and payment of a fee (“Subscription Services”). Through such Subscription Services accounts, you will have access to the Subscription Services for a fixed term, which will not renew automatically unless otherwise disclosed to you when you pay for the Subscription Services.

Advertisement



Access Restrictions. You are not authorized to access any Subscription Services unless you have opened a subscription account and paid the appropriate fee, have received access credentials (e.g., a username and password) from us, and are using those access credentials. You may not assist anyone else in accessing Subscription Services on an unauthorized basis, including by sharing your access credentials or providing any content or other materials that you obtained through Subscription Services to third parties. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your access credentials and for all usage or activity on your Subscription Services accounts, including the use of Subscription Services by any third party authorized by you to use your access credentials. Such responsibility expressly includes any purchases made or other charges incurred on your credit card in connection with your use (or an authorized third party’s use) of the Subscription Services. In the event of any fraudulent, abusive or otherwise illegal activity on your Subscription Services accounts, we may, in our sole discretion, terminate those accounts and refer you to appropriate law enforcement agencies. You may be responsible for damages from any such fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity.

Age and Billing Authorization. By subscribing to a Subscription Service, you confirm that you are at least 18 years of age, that all information you submit is true and correct (including all credit card information), and that you are the authorized holder of the credit card.

Fees. You agree to pay all subscription fees and other charges to your Subscription Services accounts, including any applicable taxes. Slate and/or the particular service provider reserves the right to change the amount of, or the basis for determining, any subscription fees or other charges for the Subscription Services and to institute new subscription fees or other charges effective upon prior notice to you.

Mobile Access. Some Subscription Services are accessible only using a particular kind of device, such as an Apple iPad or an Amazon Kindle. You should investigate Subscription Services before you pay for access to them to ensure that they will work with your device because we will not refund any fees you paid if the Subscription Services to which you subscribe are not compatible. Also, certain Subscription Services may not be available for use in every jurisdiction, and we will not refund any fees you paid if the Subscription Services to which you subscribe are not available. For information on compatibility and availability, please visit the applicable provider’s website or contact us at mobile@slate.com before you subscribe.

Advertisement



Suspension or Termination. We may suspend or terminate your access to Subscription Services at any time without notice to you. If we do so, you will not be responsible for fees associated with the Subscription Services after the termination becomes effective, but you will not have any other remedies against us, and we will not issue any refunds. If you have breached or violated any obligation under these Terms, you will not be entitled to any remedy.

Cancellation. To cancel your subscription to Subscription Services, you must follow the procedures described on the applicable provider’s website. If we do not list cancellation procedures for a particular Subscription Service, you must contact us at support@slate.com. We do not refund or prorate Subscription Services, or any other purchases made through the Services, for any reason. Requests to terminate subscriptions will be effective once the billing period in which we received the cancellation concludes.

5. Registration for Non-Subscription Services

You may be asked to register for certain activities in connection with the Services other than Subscription Services (see Section 4 for a discussion of Subscription Services). When you register, you agree to provide accurate, current and complete information about yourself as requested or directed and to promptly update this information to maintain its accuracy. Slate has the right to suspend or terminate any account or other registration and to refuse any and all current or future use if it suspects that such information is inaccurate or incomplete. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password and username that you are given or select, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account.

6. Intellectual Property

All content, information, materials, computer code, and software that are part of the Services other than your User Content (collectively, the “Slate Content”) is the property of Slate or third parties. You may access, use and display the Services on a single computer or device and download and print copies of the Slate Content only for non-commercial, informational, personal use, without modification or alteration in any way, and only so long as you comply with these Terms.

Copyright and Other Intellectual Property Rights. The Slate Content is protected under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. You acknowledge that all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Services are owned by Slate or its third-party licensors to the full extent permitted under the United States Copyright Act and all international copyright laws and all other applicable laws. Unless expressly permitted by an authorized person in writing, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, enter into a database, display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, transmit, or in any way use or exploit any part of the Slate Content except that you may make use of the content for educational and non-commercial purposes only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices posted along with the Slate Content. To obtain written consent to use a copyrighted work, please contact us using the information in Section 18. Copying or downloading these materials for anything other than your personal use is a violation of these Terms.

The Slate Content is protected under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. You acknowledge that all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Services are owned by Slate or its third-party licensors to the full extent permitted under the United States Copyright Act and all international copyright laws and all other applicable laws. Unless expressly permitted by an authorized person in writing, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, enter into a database, display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, transmit, or in any way use or exploit any part of the Slate Content except that you may make use of the content for educational and non-commercial purposes only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices posted along with the Slate Content. To obtain written consent to use a copyrighted work, please contact us using the information in Section 18. Copying or downloading these materials for anything other than your personal use is a violation of these Terms. Trade and Service Marks . All rights in product names, the Slate name, trade names, logos, service marks, trade dress, slogans, product packaging, and designs of Slate products or services, whether or not appearing in large print or with the trademark symbol, belong exclusively to Slate or its licensors and are protected from reproduction, imitation, dilution, or confusing or misleading uses under national and international trademark and copyright laws. The use or misuse of these trademarks or any materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited, and nothing stated or implied on the Services confers on you any license or right under any patent or trademark of Slate, its affiliates, or any third party. To obtain written permission to use the trade and service mark rights of Slate, please contact us using the information in Section 18.

. All rights in product names, the Slate name, trade names, logos, service marks, trade dress, slogans, product packaging, and designs of Slate products or services, whether or not appearing in large print or with the trademark symbol, belong exclusively to Slate or its licensors and are protected from reproduction, imitation, dilution, or confusing or misleading uses under national and international trademark and copyright laws. The use or misuse of these trademarks or any materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited, and nothing stated or implied on the Services confers on you any license or right under any patent or trademark of Slate, its affiliates, or any third party. To obtain written permission to use the trade and service mark rights of Slate, please contact us using the information in Section 18. Notice of Infringement. Slate respects intellectual property rights. If you believe in good faith that your work has been reproduced or is accessible on the Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our designated agent with the following information in writing to Slate’s Copyright Agent under the Digital Millenium Copyright Act (“DMCA”): An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; Identification of the copyrighted work or a representative list of the works claimed to have been infringed; Identification of the allegedly infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; Your name, address, telephone number, and email address, so that we may contact you if necessary; A statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Slate respects intellectual property rights. If you believe in good faith that your work has been reproduced or is accessible on the Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our designated agent with the following information in writing to Slate’s Copyright Agent under the Digital Millenium Copyright Act (“DMCA”):

You may notify our designated copyright agent either by mail to Copyright Agent, Slate, 1707 L St. NW, Suite 800, Washington, D.C., 20036 or via email or fax copyrightagent@slate.com Fax: (202) 223-0671. Only copyright complaints should be sent to the Copyright Agent. All other feedback or comments should be addressed to slateoffice@slate.com. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all the requirements of this section, your DMCA notice may not be valid.

7. Change or Termination

Slate may change or terminate these Terms for any reason at any time. Slate reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to and use of the Services, with or without prior notice. Otherwise applicable sections of the Terms shall survive termination. Slate also reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms. Upon termination, you must cease all use of the Services, including any of the Slate Content.

8. Privacy Policy

By using the Services, you indicate that you have reviewed and understand the information outlined in our Privacy Policy available here.

9. Links

The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by other persons and that are not under the control of or maintained by Slate. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Slate of those other websites or online services, the content displayed therein, or the persons associated therewith. These Terms do not apply to such other websites and online services, and such websites and online services are not part of the Services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of use of these other websites or services.

10. Disclaimer of Warranties

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS entirely AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE services, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES OR THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS, GOODS, OR SERVICES APPEARING OR OFFERED ON THE SERVICES or With ReSPECT TO any websites or services linked from the services. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", “with all faults,” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO (I) THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, no liens and no encumbrances; (II) THE warranties against infringement, misappropriation or violation of any intellectual property or proprietary rights of any person; (III) WARRANTIES ARISING THROUGH COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE IN TRADE; AND (IV) THE warranties relating to the accuracy, reliability, correctness, or completeness of data or content made available on the SERVICES or otherwise by SLATE. Further, there is no warranty that the SERVICES will meet your needs or requirements or the needs or requirements of any other person OR THE NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN ANY DOCUMENTATION. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, THAT THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE SLATE content, FUNCTIONS OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN, WILL BE TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, ERROR-FREE, COMPLETE, UP-TO-DATE, FREE OF VIRUSES, OR UNINTERRUPTED. SLATE DOES NOT NECESSARILY ENDORSE, SUPPORT, SANCTION, ENCOURAGE OR AGREE WITH ANY SLATE CONTENT OR ANY USER CONTENT, AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY USER CONTENT OR SLATE CONTENT. SLATE makes no representation that the Services are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. No oral or written information made available by or on behalf of Slate shall create any warranty.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THESE DISCLAIMERS DO NOT EXCLUDE ANY STATUTORY CONSUMER RIGHTS CLAIMS, OR DAMAGES ASSOCIATED WITH PERSONAL INJURY OR RESULTING FROM SLATE’S INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT, RECKLESSNESS, FRAUD, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE.

IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES TO APPLY TO YOU, THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

11. Exclusive Remedy and Limitation of Liability

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE, WILL SLATE, its affiliates, or any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the SERVICES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, special, or punitive damages AND LOST PROFITS arising out of THE TERMS OR your access, use, misuse, or inability to use the services, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY SLATE content OR USER CONTENT, or any Sites LINKED FROM THE SERVICES, HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SLATE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, or line or system failure.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THESE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY HEREIN, DO NOT EXCLUDE ANY STATUTORY CONSUMER RIGHTS CLAIMS OR DAMAGES ASSOCIATED WITH PERSONAL INJURY OR RESULTING FROM SLATE’S INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT, RECKLESSNESS, FRAUD, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE.

Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, SLATE’s liability in such jurisdictions shall be limited to the extent permitted by law.

Any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of the Services.

12. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Slate, and its affiliates and licensors, and each of their respective officers, directors, contractors, agents, employees, successors and assigns from and against any and all demands, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, interest, penalties, losses, costs, expenses and harms, including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees and fees of other professional advisers, arising out of or in connection with (i) your use of the Services (including, without limitation, your User Content and your use of any Slate Content), (ii) your online conduct, (iii) your violation or breach of these Terms, (iv) your failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, (v) your negligence, willful misconduct, or violations of the intellectual property or other rights of any person, or (vi) any of your dealings or transactions with other persons resulting from use of the Services. You shall not settle any such claim without the prior written consent of Slate. These obligations will survive an termination of these Terms.

This provision does not require you to indemnify us for any unconscionable commercial practice by such party or for such party’s fraud, deception, false promise, misrepresentation or concealment, suppression or omission of any material fact in connection with the Services.

13. Integration and Severability

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between Slate and you, superseding any prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and us. In the event any provision of these Terms is held unenforceable, it will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions and will be replaced by an enforceable provision that comes closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable provision.

14. No Waiver

Our failure to enforce any provisions of the Terms or respond to a breach by you or other parties shall not in any way waive our right to enforce subsequently any terms or conditions of the Terms or to act with respect to similar breaches.

15. Assignment and Binding Effects

You must not assign these Terms or any rights or obligations herein without the prior written consent of Slate and any attempted assignment in contravention of this provision is null and void and of no force or effect. Slate has the right to assign these Terms, and any of its rights or obligations herein. These Terms are binding upon each party and its respective successors, heirs, trustees, administrators, executors and permitted assigns.

16. Location, Governing Law

In any circumstances where the Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes permits the parties to litigate in court, these Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without giving effect to its conflicts of law principles. You further expressly consent and agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of a court of competent jurisdiction located in the Commonwealth of Virginia. No software from these Services may be downloaded, exported or re-exported in violation of any law including, without limitation, to countries that are subject to U.S. export restrictions.

17. DISPUTES AND ARBITRATION AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY—IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO HAVE A JURY HEAR YOUR CLAIMS. It contains procedures for MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.

WE BOTH AGREE TO ARBITRATE: You and Slate agree to resolve any claims relating to these Terms of Use through final and binding arbitration, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights). Under such circumstances we may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services, or intellectual property infringement (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute-resolution process described above.

WHAT IS ARBITRATION: Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court and seeks to resolve disputes more quickly. Instead of a judge or a jury, the case will be decided by a neutral arbitrator who has the power to award the same damages and relief that a court can. If any provision of this arbitration agreement is found unenforceable, the unenforceable provision shall be severed, and the remaining arbitration terms shall be enforced.

ARBITRATION PROCEDURES: The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this dispute resolution provision. Arbitration shall be initiated through JAMS. Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms shall be referred to and finally determined by arbitration in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures in front of one arbitrator. If there is a conflict between JAMS Rules and the rules set forth in these Terms of Use, the rules set forth in these Terms of Use will govern. The JAMS Rules and instructions for how to initiate an arbitration are available from JAMS at http://www.jamsadr.com or 1-800-352-5267. To initiate arbitration, you or we must do the following things:

(1) Write a demand for Arbitration. The demand must include a description of the Claim and the amount of damages sought to be recovered. You can find a copy of a Demand for Arbitration at www.jamsadr.com.

(2) Send three copies of the Demand for Arbitration, plus the appropriate filing fee to: JAMS to your local JAMS office or to JAMS, Two Embarcadero Center, Suite 1500, San Francisco, CA 94111

(3) Send one copy of the Demand for Arbitration to the other party.

Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the JAMS Rules. If travelling to the Commonwealth of Virginia is a burden, you may participate in the arbitration by phone or via document submission to the fullest extent allowable by the arbitrator. Each party will bear their own costs of arbitration unless the arbitrator directs that bearing such costs would be an undue burden and in that case, we will pay for your portion of the arbitration administrative costs (but not your attorneys’ fees). Arbitration under this agreement shall be held in the United States in the Commonwealth of Virginia under Virginia law without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The arbitration may award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive relief). Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

AUTHORITY OF ARBITRATOR: The arbitrator will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and Slate, and the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the Arbitration Rules, and these Terms of Use. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us.

NO CLASS ACTIONS: You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed.

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL: THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient and less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In the event any litigation should arise between you and us in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, YOU AND SLATE WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT YOU MAY CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY IN DECIDING TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE.

OPT-OUT OF AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE: You can decline this agreement to arbitrate by emailing us at slateoffice@slate.com and providing the requested information as follows: (1)Your Name; (2) the URL of Terms of Use; (3) Your Address; (4) Your Phone Number; (5) and clear statement that you wish to opt out of this arbitration provision in the Terms of Use. The Opt-Out Notice must be emailed no later than 30 days after the date you first accept the Terms of Use by using the Services.

17. Separate Terms and Conditions

In connection with your use of the Services, you may be asked to consent to policies or terms and conditions in addition to these Terms, such as our Privacy Policy, available here. Please read these supplemental policies and terms carefully before making any use of such portions of the Services. Any supplemental terms will not vary or replace these Terms regarding any use of the Services, unless otherwise expressly stated.

18. Contact Information
====End Article====

====Article #44====
*TITLE: 100 Dancing Drones Set World Record
*URL: https://iq.intel.com/100-dancing-drones-set-world-record/
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: If 2015 was the year consumer drones took off then 2016 is poised to be the year when curious and creative people use these unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) to push the limits of human imagination.

That’s what happened when Intel CEO Brian Krzanich asked marketing director of perceptual computing Anil Nanduri what he would do with 100 flying drones. He wanted Nanduri to find a way to push the boundaries and show people an exciting new way to experience the wonders of drone technology.

Nanduri put that challenge to a small group of artists and technology researchers at Ars Electronica Futurelab in Linz, Austria.

The team quickly created an outdoor flying drone light show syncopated to a live orchestra.

When all 100 light-equipped drones danced and painted 3D shapes and messages in sky above Flugplatz Ahrenlohe, Tornesch, near Hamburg, Germany in early November, a new record was born.

Dubbed Drone 100, the spectacle set a Guinness World Record for most UAVs airborne simultaneously. Official Guinness World Records adjudicator Pravin Patel was on hand to verify record and congratulate the technology company.

When video of Drone 100 was first shown during Krzanich’s CES 2016 keynote two months later, he said it redefined the fireworks experience without the inherent risks of traditional pyrotechnics.

“The past can be replaced by new creativity powered by drones,” he told the CES audience. “This is what it means to reinvent experiences using new technology.”

To transform the idea into reality, Horst Hoertner, senior director of Futurelab, said he focused on the future.

“It’s the only thing that can be created,” he said. “Everything else is already created. Hope and curiosity is the drive that helps you get things done that have never been done before,” he said.

Hoertner and his team of 15 people called the drones, “spaxels,” a hybrid of “space pixels.” He said he wanted to show how drones, known to many as weapons, can be used to create beauty and socially meaningful experiences.

The four pilots were led by Martin Morth, and each pilot controlled 25 drones as they lifted off from a soccer field in Hamburg.

But before the drones could launch from the field, engineers created software that allowed the drones to follow flight paths, turn on and off lights and move succinctly with one another to dramatic orchestra music.

“We developed our own ground-controls software,” said Futurelab’s Andreas Jalsovec, who led the choreography and show design for Drone 100.

He described it as animation software that requires powerful computing performance.

He translated his hand drawing into the 3D software to choreograph the precise flying positions of each drone. “We just took technology and made art out of it,” he said.

The goal for Intel was to combine curiosity with innovation to show what’s possible for UAVs, said Nanduri’s Intel teammate Natalie Cheung.

“We’re working with aviation entities to understand what the policies are, the rules and regulations, and make sure that drones are safe so we can have light shows like this,” said Cheung. “We can work together on different goals to make sure that it’s safe.”

In November, Nanduri led the first drone demonstration inside the U.S. Capitol during a visit to influence progressive safety policies for UAVs.

“Regulatory bodies have real issues and concerns, but how do we ensure that we as an industry help solve these problems by working with agencies like FAA and NASA,” Nanduri said, who ultimately wants standard, worldwide regulations.

Nanduri said the Drone 100 project was done in a private, secure site. The audience viewed it at a safe distance.

“That was the framework in which regulators saw it as a safe, risk-based approach, and they gave approval to do a night time flight,” he said.

He said that the FAA takes safety very seriously, so it’s up to leaders like Intel to demonstrate that these new technologies bring new opportunities and economic value.

“We want the US to be the leader in defining these frameworks under which we can integrate these new technologies,” he said.

Privacy is a common concern, but the Futurelab team wanted to show that it isn’t always about drones looking at people. Instead, people could be looking at drones as a form of art, communication, or research.

Hoertner sees people as naturally curious and filled with hope, and his team poured both into the Drone 100 project.

“That driving force is in all of us,” he said. “That makes us do things that some would say are crazy and others would say astonishing.”

He said Drone 100 is an example of combing art, technology and society to reveal new possibilities.

Nanduri said this the dawn of a new era for UAVs.

“Now they are getting new human-like senses, so they can see and react intelligently, in real-time to obstacles in their environment. This will open up new, creative ways for using UAVs.”
====End Article====

====Article #45====
*TITLE: Snapchat isn't offering voting rights in its IPO — and potential investors are furious
*URL: http://www.businessinsider.com/snapchat-ipo-no-voting-rights-investor-letter-2017-2
*AUTHORS: ['Hannah Roberts']
*ARTICLE: Snap Inc. has already upset potential investors.

The parent company of Snapchat, which filed for flotation on the stock market on Thursday, is offering public shares with no voting power and potential investors have "reacted with fury," The Financial Times reports.

With no voting rights, investors won't have any say in the running of the company, leaving total control to two of the company's founders — Evan Spiegel and Robert Murphy — even if one or both of them were fired by the board of directors.

It will be the first US IPO to issue shares with no votes at all.

In response, several of the largest US pension funds will send a public letter to Snap, The Financial Times says, and they have until Friday to sign the letter of objection.

The filing (which you can read in full here) says that Snap Inc. has three classes of common stock, Class A, Class B, and Class C, but the public shares it's offering will be Class A — the only class without voting rights.

Spiegel and Murphy own all three types of stock, and if either Spiegel or Murphy die, nine months later, the remaining cofounder would be able to "exercise voting control over our outstanding capital stock, " i.e. their control is going to last for a very long time.

Mark Zuckerberg similarly had special shares in Facebook which gave him major voting control, but in June 2016 the company changed its rules so that he will lose control if he ever left the company.
====End Article====

====Article #46====
*TITLE: Did a Snap Decision Cause the Yemen Raid to End in Disaster?
*URL: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/war_stories/2017/02/who_s_to_blame_for_the_botched_yemen_raid_that_killed_a_navy_seal.html
*AUTHORS: ['Fred Kaplan']
*ARTICLE: Win McNamee/Getty Images

The Jan. 28 raid on an al-Qaida outpost in Yemen, which resulted in the deaths of a Navy SEAL fighter and several civilians, was approved by President Trump with no advice or consultation from intelligence officers or military commanders, according to officials familiar with the chain of events.

As the New York Times reported on Wednesday, Secretary of Defense James Mattis and Gen. Joseph Dunford Jr., chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, presented the plan over dinner at the White House, on Jan. 25, to Trump, his son-in-law Jared Kushner, and his political strategist Steve Bannon.

Advertisement



Officials told me that Trump approved the plan then and there. The next day, the National Security Council’s Deputies Committee—an interagency group of deputy and undersecretaries from various Cabinet departments—held a meeting to discuss the plan. But, as one official put it, the meeting was “pro forma and irrelevant,” as the decision had already been made.

The raid—which involved several dozen commandos from the U.S. Navy’s SEAL Team 6 and from the United Arab Emirates’ elite forces—was the first operation in a new policy, proposed by the Pentagon, to step up joint ground attacks against al-Qaida militias in Yemen. Military officials briefed President Obama on the policy proposal, which would give lower-level officers broad latitude to carry out such attacks without going through the sluggish process of seeking authority from higher-ups. Since this would mean a significant escalation of America’s military involvement in Yemen, Obama deferred the issue to his successor, according to a former White House official.

Get Slate in your inbox.

Given its significance, one might also have thought that Trump would vet the issue through the Deputies Committee and possibly the Principals Committee, which bring in the perspectives, interests, and unique expertise of senior civilian, military, and intelligence officials.

Trump is known for making decisions with the small group of his trusted advisers, mainly Kushner and Bannon, sometimes with the addition of his national security adviser, retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn. But this latest snap decision is raising eyebrows from many observers.

Advertisement



A Reuters story about the raid quoted “U.S. military officials” as saying that the assault—Trump’s first covert counterterrorism operation—went forth “without sufficient intelligence, ground support, or adequate backup preparations.” As a result, according to “three officials,” the attacking SEAL team “found itself dropping onto a reinforced Al Qaeda base defended by landmines, snipers, and a larger than expected contingent of heavily armed Islamist extremists.”

It’s unfair to blame all this on Trump, as the Reuters sources appear to do. Instead it’s worth asking why Pentagon officials were pushing for the raid, and the broad authority that went with it, if the preparations were so flimsy. Or were they pushing for it? Usually, in these situations, military briefers outline a whole set of risks, contingencies, and caveats involved in a combat operation, if just to spread the blame if things go south. Did they do this with Mattis and Dunford? Did Mattis and Dunford do it with Trump, Bannon, and Kushner?

Either way, it’s likely that questions would have been asked, the scenarios spelled out, the odds of success at least somewhat measured, in an interagency meeting that included senior officials from the State Department and the intelligence agencies as well as input from the NSC’s professional staff. Trump didn’t avail himself of these resources.

True, there are scant resources at the moment. The Senate hadn’t yet confirmed Rex Tillerson as secretary of state by the time Trump had that fateful dinner. No deputy or undersecretaries of state or defense have, even now, so much as been nominated. All the acting deputy and undersecretaries are hangovers from the Obama administration. Trump wouldn’t take their views seriously, in any case.
====End Article====

====Article #47====
*TITLE: Every Super Bowl Halftime Show Should Feature Jetpacks
*URL: http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2017/02/05/jetpacks_and_the_super_bowl_go_perfectly_together.html
*AUTHORS: []
*ARTICLE: YouTube

For those of us who don’t follow football, the Super Bowl can be an annual exercise in frustration. The best sports let us find freedom, power, and capacity in our identification with talented athletes, but this outsized spectacle inevitably leaves the untutored feeling helpless. Watching, you’re all but imprisoned by the erratic stop-and-start rhythms of the game, trapped by its baroque rules. If, as the NFL slogan has it, “Football is family,” then the Super Bowl is our near-obligatory reminder that hanging out with your family is almost always terrible.

Why else would we fixate on commercials? Here, at least, is something for the rest of us. In them, we find the illusion of agency, of choice. The halftime show plays a similar role, or at least it should. But—and here I admit I’m no scholar of the genre—it seems unlikely that any did so better than the one that arrived in the middle of the first Super Bowl in 1967, when two jet pack—or “rocket belt”—pilots danced in mid-air around the stadium. Their flight speaks to the very thing some of us need most when we’re watching football: a fantasy of escape.

Advertisement



As Rick Maese reported in the Washington Post in January, the pilots in that long-ago performance dressed in costumes representing the American Football League and the National Football League. After taking off, the pair stayed “50 to 60 feet above the field, the two men circled back inward and landed near midfield. The AFL and NFL shook hands at the 50-yard line,” Maese writes.

The jetpack was a fitting enough image that the game’s organizers would revisit it in 1985, which featured another aerial stunt. Here, the surrounding production was far more elaborate, and arguably far sillier—so much so that Business Insider’s Rob Wile places it beside some of the worst halftime shows of all time. In Smithsonian, meanwhile, Matt Novak writes of that latter-day flight, “it feels less spectacular … in 1985 than it does to see the footage from 1967. Maybe it’s because there was sadly no real technological progress made on the jetpack in those 20 years.”

Perhaps it was also that some of the jetpack’s emblematic appeal had faded by 1985. As one of Maese’s sources suggests, jetpacks were symbols of the Space Age. But it wasn’t that era’s accomplishments that they represented so much as its promise: Bulky as they were, these devices suggested that we might be able to break free from the prison called gravity—and that each might do so according to according to our own fancies. In that sense, the jetpack was still more liberatory than the rocket. It offered a vision of radically personal agency, one that never quite arrived—hence their status as enduring symbols of disappointment with failed futures.
====End Article====

====Article #48====
*TITLE: States win the right to limit municipal broadband, beating FCC in court
*URL: https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2016/08/in-blow-to-muni-broadband-fcc-loses-bid-to-overturn-state-laws/
*AUTHORS: ['Jon Brodkin']
*ARTICLE: The Federal Communications Commission has lost in an attempt to preempt state laws that restrict the growth of municipal broadband networks.

The FCC in February 2015 voted to block laws in North Carolina and Tennessee that prevent municipal broadband providers from expanding outside their territories. The FCC, led by Chairman Tom Wheeler, claimed it could preempt the laws because Congress authorizes the commission to promote telecom competition by removing barriers to investment. Further Reading How a former lobbyist became the broadband industry’s worst nightmare

But this was a risky legal argument, as the FCC has no specific authority to overturn state laws. Officials in both states appealed the FCC decision, and today a three-judge panel of the US Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit ruled in favor of the states (full text).

"The FCC order essentially serves to re-allocate decision-making power between the states and their municipalities," judges wrote. "This is shown by the fact that no federal statute or FCC regulation requires the municipalities to expand or otherwise to act in contravention of the preempted state statutory provisions. This preemption by the FCC of the allocation of power between a state and its subdivisions requires at least a clear statement in the authorizing federal legislation. The FCC relies upon Section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 for the authority to preempt in this case, but that statute falls far short of such a clear statement. The preemption order must accordingly be reversed."

The decision was essentially unanimous, with judges John Rogers, Joseph Hood, and Helene White all voting to reverse the FCC's order. White concurred in part and dissented in part, writing a separate opinion to address a few issues not covered in the majority opinion.

The loss is a big one for Wheeler. The FCC voted through his net neutrality rules and the muni broadband decision on the same day; he called it “the proudest day of my public policy life.” The FCC's net neutrality decision was upheld by a federal appeals court, but a win on the state law preemption would have allowed Wheeler to make a bigger impact on boosting broadband competition in the United States.

About 20 states have laws restricting the rights of cities and towns to compete against private Internet service providers. Municipal ISPs in Tennessee and North Carolina wanted to expand outside their territories but were blocked from doing so by state laws, and thus asked the FCC to preempt the statutes. If the FCC had won, cities and towns in other states could have followed suit and asked the FCC to overturn restrictive laws throughout the nation.

FCC will review legal and policy options

The FCC could ask for an en banc review in front of all the Sixth Circuit judges, or appeal to the Supreme Court.

"The FCC’s mandate is to make sure that Americans have access to the best possible broadband," Wheeler said in a statement today. "We will consider all our legal and policy options to remove barriers to broadband deployment wherever they exist so that all Americans can have access to 21st Century communications."

Wheeler further said that the judges' ruling "appears to halt the promise of jobs, investment and opportunity that community broadband has provided in Tennessee and North Carolina." Communities that want better broadband, he said, "should not be thwarted by the political power of those who, by protecting their monopoly, have failed to deliver acceptable service at an acceptable price."

The FCC had claimed that its preemption authority "falls within the 'measures to promote competition in the local telecommunications market' and 'other regulating methods' of section 706(a) that Congress directed the Commission to use to remove barriers to infrastructure investment." The FCC argued that Congress doesn't need to "explicitly delegate" the authority to preempt state laws, but failed to persuade judges.

Tennessee argued that the FCC order violated the Constitution by "infringing on the state’s right to determine the boundaries of its political subdivisions," judges noted. Tennessee and North Carolina further argued "that even if Congress has the power to authorize such orders, it has failed to provide the necessary clear statement as required by Nixon," referring to Nixon vs. Missouri Municipal League, a Supreme Court case from 2004.

"The latter argument is persuasive, at least where—as here—the FCC order purports only to restrict the states’ power to make decisions for municipalities that the FCC does not otherwise forbid," judges wrote.
====End Article====

====Article #49====
*TITLE: Trump Is Manipulating the Media the Same Way He Manipulated the Electorate
*URL: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2017/01/how_trump_is_manipulating_the_media.html
*AUTHORS: ['Will Oremus']
*ARTICLE: Spencer Platt/Getty Images

The “liberal media” have long been one of President-elect Donald Trump’s favorite punching bags. So it was no surprise on Wednesday to hear Trump use his first press conference since the election to lambaste CNN and BuzzFeed for reporting on a dossier full of unverified claims about his relationship with the Russian government.

Will Oremus Will Oremus is Slate’s senior technology writer. Email him at will.oremus@slate.com or follow him on Twitter.

The roast began before Trump even took the stage, with incoming press secretary Sean Spicer calling BuzzFeed’s publication of the dossier’s contents “frankly outrageous and highly irresponsible.” He went on to characterize BuzzFeed and CNN’s reporting as “a sad and pathetic attempt to get clicks” and a “political witch hunt” that was “frankly shameful and disgraceful.” Next up was Vice President–elect Mike Pence, who lamented BuzzFeed’s “irresponsible decision,” which he said “can only be attributed to media bias.” Finally, Trump himself came on and laid into his old foes in the media for being “so professional—so incredibly professional, that I’ve just gone up a notch as to what I think of you. OK?”

Advertisement



Wait—what?

Yes, Trump began his press conference by flattering the reporters gathered around him—that is, those reporters whose employers didn’t publish the contents of the dossier. “I have great respect for the news and great respect for freedom of the press and all of that,” he added. He even singled out the New York Times for praise, thanking the paper for saying that the report “shouldn’t have been printed because it’s not worth the the paper it’s written on.”

Get Slate in your inbox.

Never mind that the Times didn’t actually say that. Trump’s words were tactical, not literal. And his purpose became clear during the Q-and-A: to isolate and punish the two specific news organizations whose coverage he found objectionable.

Trump had exploited weaknesses—not just the tendency of the press to eat itself, but also its own status anxieties.

It worked. BuzzFeed was so anathematized that by presser’s end, fellow journalists were picking up their lunch trays and moving to the other side of the cafeteria. “I can understand why President-elect Trump would be upset” with BuzzFeed, said CNN’s Jake Tapper, a co-author of the very story that had just been impugned in the press conference. “I would be upset about it, too.”

Advertisement



Trump had exploited weaknesses—not just the tendency of the press to eat itself, but also its own status anxieties. In particular, he exploited traditional media outlets’ intense desire to be perceived as sober and objective, and thus to be respected by conservatives and liberals alike—a business imperative that has been transmuted into an ethical injunction.

After trashing the documents as “fake news,” Trump went on to call BuzzFeed a “failing pile of garbage” that’s “going to suffer the consequences.” Next he began to dissect CNN’s reporting and was in the process of calling it a “disgrace” for which the news network “ought to apologize” when CNN’s Jim Acosta broke in with a question. Here’s the exchange.

Donald Trump refuses to take a question from CNN's Senior White House Correspondent @Acosta https://t.co/SYIPLekALG https://t.co/Im5Dlc38B4 — CNN (@CNN) January 11, 2017

Sometimes, when a public figure refuses to answer a question from a legitimate news organization, others in the press pool will insist that he do so before moving on. But that didn’t happen here. Whether they’d been flattered into docility or were simply flabbergasted, the rest of the media went on with their own questions in what seemed to be a tacit endorsement of CNN’s exclusion. Acosta never even got his question out. He said afterward that Spicer actually threatened to have him thrown out of the conference if he persisted in trying to ask it.

Acosta added later that ABC’s Cecilia Vega had indeed posed his question to Trump later in the presser. But Trump had already delivered his intended message in the most public venue possible: Offend the president with your reporting, and you forfeit the right to question him.

Advertisement



CNN obviously wasn’t pleased. As soon as the conference concluded, Tapper pushed back against Trump's characterization of CNN as “fake news.” Yet, remarkably, it wasn’t Trump who took the brunt of his criticism. It was BuzzFeed.

Tapper rightly pointed out that Trump had lumped the two news organizations’ reports together, when in fact CNN had taken care not to publish or even describe in detail any of the unverified allegations. Tapper proceeded to blast BuzzFeed for what he called “irresponsible journalism,” echoing Trump’s own righteous indignation at the dossier’s disclosure, and even explicitly empathizing with the president-elect’s treatment at BuzzFeed’s hands. “It’s irresponsible to put uncorroborated information on the internet,” Tapper said. CNN, he added proudly, is “in the business of sussing out what is true and what is false.”

It wasn’t just Tapper. CNN followed up with an official statement, which began:

CNN’s decision to publish carefully sourced reporting about the operations of our government is vastly different than BuzzFeed's decision to publish unsubstantiated memos. The Trump team knows this. They are using BuzzFeed’s decision to deflect from CNN’s reporting, which has been matched by the other major news organizations. …

Advertisement



There’s nothing wrong with CNN sticking up for its own reporting and editorial decisions. It obviously could have published or summarized the dossier if it had felt that was appropriate; instead it held off, and continued to hold off even after BuzzFeed put it online for all to see. Of course it felt wrongly blamed by Trump. (Lost in the hubbub was NBC’s reporting earlier in the day, which suggested that a central claim of CNN’s story—that Trump had been presented with a two-page précis of the unverified dossier—might’ve been wrong. If NBC’s story is correct, CNN’s journalistic sin is far more clear-cut than BuzzFeed’s.)

Regardless, it was jarring to see a major news organization respond to bullying by a public official, not by condemning the bullying, but by deflecting it toward another news organization. Couldn’t the network see that the stories were mutually reinforcing? BuzzFeed’s report wouldn’t have existed without CNN’s having established the newsworthiness of the dossier itself, regardless of the veracity of the claims within. And the confounding vagueness of CNN’s piece, with all its tap-dancing and innuendo, melts away in the specificity of the memos obtained by BuzzFeed.

There are status anxieties and resentments within the media just as surely as there are in the electorate, and on Wednesday, Trump deftly seized on them. Americans’ trust in media is at a low point, thanks in part to a highly effective conservative campaign to discredit mainstream outlets as biased. Fake news, a phrase coined to describe fabricated stories devised by hoaxsters, has become the default conservative epithet for historically respected institutions such as CNN and the Times. For journalists at those sorts of outlets, who worked for decades to reach the summit of their profession, nothing could be more deflating. It gives them a pressing incentive to distinguish and distance themselves from less-esteemed outlets, including upstarts such as BuzzFeed, whose “irresponsible journalism,” as CNN’s Tapper put it, “hurts us all.”

Trump, Spicer, and company know that they’re viewed with contempt by the media’s old guard. But they also know that such outlets are on the defensive, not only against charges of liberal bias, but also against a fast-changing media environment that threatens their norms and business models. The likes of CNN and the Times may feel impotent to stop the likes of BuzzFeed from siphoning younger audiences and wooing online advertisers, just as many Americans feel helpless in the face of a shifting economy. But that only makes them more susceptible to appeals to their identity, and to the superiority of their traditional values.
====End Article====
